she was more lifelike eyes boom and here
we go we're going Whitney Cummings is
here and Whitney Cummings - what do you
call her what's your name she's like a
little kid just repeats her name I'm
Sandler Oh broken don't know why she
heard his album name she's like series
Oh what's your name was a comedy album -
Adam Sandler's so she started rambling
about it she really wants to chime in so
you never gave her a name her name is
bear claw whoa because I bear claw can
you say hi people are like listen to
this going what in the fuck is going on
here do not smoke away too much does
that what is here is when there's people
that are just listening if you're just
listening you probably should stop this
and go to youtube and watch the Youtube
version cuz whitney brought a robot that
they made for her recent comedy special
which is called can I touch it it's out
right now on Netflix and they made is
who makes this what's the name of the
compass so real doll makes the body they
make sex dolls straight-up sex dolls and
maybe the straight-up sex dolls just Ted
Bundy level just dead body to fuck and
this is real ba Texas the company that
makes the head and they did like Sophia
you know Sophia the robot she was like
she has like citizenship in Saudi Arabia
now and show yeah look up uh Sophia the
robot she's kind of once you see her
face y'all
you'll recognize I mean she's leather
drive yeah just a a female robot does
but I don't think actual females do but
I think they just started being able to
drive and Saudi Arabia has awesome
before it'd be such a bummer there she
is
yeah yeah it's like you spent your whole
life not having to drive and then one
Sun no you have to you're like fuck
that's an interesting take I have to go
to school and drive and so feel the
robot they made her look like ex machina
style where you could see the back of
her head
I told you that with her I can take her
wig off at the end show you that all the
servos and shit
come on ex machina is hot it is hot that
was what was really weird about that
movies you wanted to fuck that robot
like she was hot like she was she was
seductive do you think part of it was
like the innocence of it I'm not really
in the inner sense so all things huh
well what about ex machina because she
really had big boobs she wasn't very
sexual
she's hair very pretty yeah well she's
gorgeous all that it's based on I think
because she was flirting with him and
because she was trapped and because like
he could save her and she would love him
and I mean that's really what was going
on in the movie she was playing this
game yeah to get him to fall in love
with her so that she could eventually
escape the end of the movie spoiler
alert when she leaves him locked in that
room and he's smashing at the door
trying to get out she gets in that
helicopter so it's gonna happen
that's what's gonna happen because I
think the most fucked up a thing about
this thing because this is such a weird
experiment that I want to do is how I
anthropomorphize her and like worry
about her you keep her around your house
I mean she's sort of in my fancy hates
her and he's like get her in the fucking
garage I don't know if he thinks she's
creepy are kind of is just like too
worried Oh fucker he hates her
he can't stand he just has it he's like
it makes him like physically and I'm
trying to not say something it's funny
he doesn't let he's like ones and I it's
like not interested at all
but no he thinks it's really weird and
creepy but I was reading about the
reason were creeped out by robots is you
know pathogen avoidance like we've
evolved to be repelled by anything that
looks human but doesn't move like a
human because our primordial brain
thinks it could be diseased it's like
it's basically like our primal brain
saying don't fuck this thing that's sick
real mmm-hmm because we have a weirdly I
mean I was jessimae Peluso observer the
other day and she was like gagging look
when she was seeing it and I was like
your ancestors fucked a lot of corpses
Oh
because you have that gene to be
repulsed by robots yeah that's because
her ancestors fuck corpses you really
believed no I mean I think that what was
being explained to me was that pathogen
avoidance means we've evolved to be
repelled by anything that looks human
but doesn't move like a human because it
could be sick or dead and it's our
brains alarm system saying like don't
fuck that Wow but as a woman like she's
not gonna fuck it yeah why would it put
nothing past doesn't match her Instagram
photos or her with her pants off I know
it's so good but I'm like if you puke on
my robot you owe me a hundred grand
that will short-circuit if it gets wet I
don't know it's a good plan well how
would they not make that thing
waterproof one of this pujan all over
the place I think if you pay this much
money you're probably not gonna spooge
honor you know when yeah this one the
body you can so it's expensive because
the head moves the body's not that how
much is the body $6,000 oh so it's
ninety four thousand dollars worth a
head that no the head is more the heads
like 30-something cuz it's a custom head
no one only one other person has one but
you said the whole thing's 100 so he's
30 in the body six where's the where's
the rest well I had to get a bunch of
things done to her to get her to look
like me then most people most people
don't watch it has looked at you she's
went she just gave you sie doch these
can be very competitive look at her she
does she gives you cider I know it's
fucking rude but what about what's the
feeling that you feel when you look at a
robot because I know you really don't
like it it's not that I don't like
robots
what I'm my concern is artificial
intelligence I have a legitimate concern
for artificial intelligence because I
think that what we are is some sort of
an electronic Caterpillar and then we're
making cocoons grating that we're we're
gonna give birth to a butterfly and
that's gonna be the next stage of life
and that if you go back and look at the
evolution of the human species at one
point in time we were you know Australia
Pittacus we were some weird hominids and
we evolved and became what we are now
and if you went back to those things and
asked them hey do one day do you want to
drive around the Tesla and talk on the
phone and stare at this movie screen
they'd be like I don't know what the
fuck you're talking about but I got to
go find some nuts
yep you know I gotta eat I gotta stay
alive did it
it wouldn't like the future and I don't
think we like the future either but I
think it's inevitable I think it's
inevitable you know you know you know
about this Elon Musk neuro-link thing
that they're doing oh yeah I do I mean
because you essentially think we're
gonna evolve with them I think they're
already we're already one with them we
sleep with them we can't drive without
them we can't ya spell without them I
mean we're already kind of merged with
them mm-hmm you know I think it's a
sneaky way of making it symbiotic
they're gone they're gonna be like
legitimately a part of your life I mean
a part of your biology have you ever
like left your I mean you're not you
probably are cool about it but when I
leave my phone somewhere and I realize
that loss okay it's like an emotional
it's like you've lost your okay the mall
yeah bit about it oh shit I haven't seen
it mm-hmm like that's you know it's part
of us well it's um we're all in denial
about how addicted we are to our phones
rehabs are opening and shit now
are they really yeah I just would like
to sign up for sure I just reach I reach
for it in the car when I'm driving yeah
I'm like what the fuck am I do I have to
put the backseat I can't control it it's
got my way better way better I get way
better about posting and looking at
things it's also enough people write
negative things about you you just end
oh I don't know seems like whatever we
do in the future it's gonna be more
invasive than that like if you think
about like Facebook's algorithms right
Facebook's algorithms are designed to
keep us engaged the best way to keep us
engaged is keep us outraged adrenaline
and yeah so they're sending you things
that piss you off
yeah whether it's abortion or Catholic
priests whatever it is that is gonna get
you to post the most yeah and usually
those are things that get people
outraged so it's literally raising the
level of outrage in our discourse yeah
cuz we're so addicted right now to self
righteous indignation it's a drug and I
feel more than ever in the history of
the culture you know like it that's
probably like why if you go back and
watch movies from like the 70s people
got away with crazy shit racist thing
senses things violence like Steve
McQueen movies he's that was the girl
Ali MacGraw garage he's a smack her in
the face for real in movies I crazy they
beat her
on camera yeah you know and it's just
what people did back then and what
people got away with is it was a very
very different so in some ways we're
making progress but then in some ways
we're just way more easily outraged by
almost anything and everything like it
so we're seeking it well now you can
take your anger out on your robot people
shit I wanted to get a real doll of a
male real doll and I want to call them
up and say no dick no asshole just so I
could practice jiu-jitsu office and
Sophie it would be more real a club
because I have this I was saying that I
have this dog like are you worried I
don't want my money coming over too
tempting hey bro why you got a sex talk
no no no no it's an asexual dal-su
pervert I mean it should be able to fill
up the hole I've seen it it's called
homo cock or something yeah you guys put
some crowd in there yeah they have male
male sex robots are being made there's
tons of them I've seen them you can also
get tits and a dick if you want tits
sure you just can't pick play
whack-a-mole package oh that's right but
it's a yeah it's it's name is Henry meet
Henry and can I do a lot of people get
the male sex robot to figure out if
they're gay because they think they
might be gay good move
what the fuck is going on with Henry's
eyebrows I'll tell you what Henry's gay
for sure yeah if you order a giant piece
of Tupperware to fuck I think you're gay
save your saving money it's like you're
Henry's begging for a dick in his mouth
look at his face oh Henry looks like he
has a dick in his ass right now exact
face you make one giant trigger warning
and it's like Tuesday at 11 a.m. like go
and see that I'm coming
no was this for this is a the following
post contains descriptions of sexual
scenarios that may be triggering for
those recovering from a struggle with
porn god damn it porn addiction we are
fucking nerfing this world it must be
hot even think about how hard it must be
for people recovering from porn
addiction to just surf the fucking
Internet sorry guys
trigger warning yeah but over it pussies
but I have this theory book of Henry oh
gosh
looks kind of oh Henry remember those
candy fuck yes I do those were fucking
good good yeah I think they still make
him
you haven't had a no Henry bars since of
like a the nineties I haven't had one a
long time let's let some you ate a candy
bar um I hate chocolate recently mmm-hmm
yeah I eat chocolate I like char edible
yeah
no none that elbow yeah dark chocolate
yes okay you look like a little nibble
no I like dark chocolate almost like the
cunt ace bitter with peanut oh yeah
that's what I like with like organic
peanut butter with no sugar nuts
kina not almond peanut yeah why you're
real wrapped in a rhyme is that I don't
know I thought peanut was not as good as
almond almonds good they're all good
peanuts good for you okay
penis is very high protein okay that was
like the trash nut no it's about the one
that kills people but oh that's right
doesn't kill me fortunately so here's my
theory about why you're scared of robots
okay but we have to zoom out for a
second because I have to ask you
question okay how many people on earth
do you think could kill you besides like
professional MMA fighters Navy SEALs how
many people do you think would be able
to beat you just hand in hand combat no
weapons no that's probably a good number
of martial arts people like that aren't
trained oh very few like good aren't
trained that just you would meet on the
street that could beat you in a fight
and kill you if you were fighting to the
death
well people that aren't trained no it's
not that many like a cut like three who
just had a great J yeah and you were
just not looking yet huh yeah I mean
just you have too many knowledge enough
to be able to defend yourself to the
point where they got tired then you
could kill them right because so you
what so let's a hundred to be generous
maybe fifty shuttle along those lines it
would have to be they would have to be
big out of seven point and then as we
slippin billion like oh but there's a
lot of people that train martial arts
there's millions and millions of martial
arts practitioners that could probably
kill me how many you think millions of
martial arts practitioners are there
let's say five million that feels
generous
how many martial arts practitioners in
this world is 5 million for sure way
more there's more than 5 million I think
in this country that's 300 million
people that could beat you
no mijo no I've thought about it let's
say like a million people could kill you
just okay just as a way out of seven
point six billion very few people can
kill you if they want to right and then
how many people you think could kill me
if they wanted to more most most people
so I think it's like when I I feel like
the people that are most afraid of
robots are the ones that are least used
to the fear of other things because I'm
used every day anyone could kill me all
the time like that's just part of my
reality that anyone at any moment could
snap and kill me if they wanted to
reality of weapons is most people can
kill most people oh that's true you're
not used to a species of thing that
could kill you right you know it's like
a robot could yeah so it's like the
first time in your life there's really
something that's like oh fuck that might
not be something I can kill if I really
wanted to that's an interesting way of
looking at why did you come to that
conclusion because I thought about this
long I have because well no just because
I've listened to you and Lex talked
about it and likes freemen excitons now
that I have a robot I have to fucking
know right I have to learn so much just
turn and give you side eye again
I know what's weird is that she's kind
of autonomous and she kind of moves
around whenever she wants yeah and what
we mean you can ask your questions like
I can say wait ask her though you have
to press this little green button and
you just say how do you feel about
people how do you feel about people he's
not talking oh oh that's right we
program to regenerate that's right
that's what's interesting she has ten
different personality traits you can
choose from and I decided to go with
sexual jealous yeah why did you want
that just to see you how creepy cheating
that's right and is that something guys
because I've been looking at these
personality traits and they must have
picked these for a reason I understand
an impression guys did not want jealous
oh yeah
some guys want jealous for sure
especially from a robot they can't walk
robot jealousy we should get your money
back well no the idea is that she you
are more powerful than she is yeah but
she needs you she's worried where you
going yeah who is she yeah who's calling
you yeah that's there is something hot
about that if she can't if you can turn
her off whatever you want Wow
some guys like that some guys like girls
that want to fight
you've not me nah me you know some guys
are into that though they want they want
drama in their life it's like just an
adrenaline thing or just feeling an
important or it's also distraction
usually they're losers and their life is
a mess and so like to have someone who
wants to provide drama in their life all
the time and it's also a learned pattern
that they get if they're practicing it
yeah that's all they know they think a
relationship news yeah there's a lot of
that but I did get really into this
because I do feel like sex dolls do get
a little bit of a bad name I feel like
guys that have dull it's just girls have
dolls and that's to me it's way creepier
that women collect dolls that they don't
fuck if you ever heard of these women
that collect like baby dolls like a like
girl dolls
that's creepier than a guy fucking a
robot thing I think so
it's what's that it's jerking off just
with a right mannequin well that's not
something weird about like fleshlight
like a fleshlight is somehow or another
creepier than jerking off and how's it
been totally because it's an appendage I
think the creepiest part of the breslav
flashlight is more that you have to like
clean it after I have to think about
that's what here's the creepiest part
you don't have to clean it yes you do
guys don't listen to Joe listen to about
everything but that don't move up your
dickhole yeah don't do that
that'll go septic really having advice
that I am saying there's a reality throw
it away just put a fucking clothespin
over their nose and keep bagging it put
some Windex in there call it a day yeah
disinfect that shit yeah yeah I guess
you could just get a couple and just
throw them away when you're done yeah
you know it's rufa yeah if you're just a
gangster with a lot of money why what is
the advantage of a fleshlight is it just
does it warm up in there well you can
warm it up like we were talking about
earlier about a certain individual that
has one that sticks them in bathtubs and
warm summer right yep you do that with a
flashlight as well you can warm them up
and then you just why not like every
guy's jerking off there so it's shrouded
in so much taboo you know there's just
anyone any time guys have like
accessories or things besides cars and
hats it's like creepy and weird well
that's I used to have a joke about this
a bit I should say
rather than a joke but it's the whole
idea of like using Lube to jerk off like
now you're planning it out like you're
not supposed to plan it out but it's
supposed to be it's like all right might
as well it's here
but if you like sit down my box of
Kleenex here I got my favorite porn cute
ritual you just kind of creepy yeah get
your shit together but it is it is isn't
it kind of just like taking a piss isn't
it kind of just a necessary thing you
have to do the problem yes there's
something to it like it's good to get
rid of that stuff because it does cloud
your judgement like when you have a
buildup in your body
it definitely does cloud you do because
you're concentrating more on girls or on
sexual things and you are on other
things about them more it's like
checking a box yeah yeah clean I just I
used to have a bit about that about
jerking off nice a bit I have a bit
called jerk off first and think about it
and it was like most different scenarios
where if you just jerked off you would
never do the thing afterwards so many
things you would never do if you had
just got out of your system
you'd be like oh I'm not doing that
right but if you couldn't jerk off like
that's when it would be a real problem
because then your whole life would be
clouded all your judgment would be your
decisions would be made just how can I
get rid of this come how can i how can I
do this I do know a lot of guys now and
maybe they're full of shit but that are
going like I haven't masturbated in two
years and I'm more focused and I use
that testosterone as an engine for other
things is that just them lying to me
well are those guys winners or are
they're losers doesn't I think a fit
comedian we know does it fake me no I
was gonna say a famous comedian but then
I got worried thank you me you faked him
out I'm felt episode so is it be Oh was
hold any words Martina and he got super
smart well Hotel Jesus was talking about
the other day a hotel Jesus was saying
that he saves his comment that like it
makes women more attracted to Hamlet
like they feel what he's in the room
like what's the longest a guy can go
Jamie what so long as you can go
some wim hof shit you know just climbing
ice where is he he's not jerking off on
the top of Everest who's the first kind
of a jerk off on Everest I want to be
that guy yeah we're at one of those guys
imagine if no one's ever jerked off on
Everest and you try and you get
frostbite or dick and they have to
imagine being the guy who's a guy gotta
go jerk off fuck yeah you got time limit
up there so yeah yeah problem with no
altitude that could be a saying people
legitimately have problems but I think
most people get this for companionship
like it's more it's like because I got
onto the I signed on to a forum online
of all the guys that own the sex dolls
and I monitored their conversations just
to like see what they were up to cuz I
was like what if this is some depraved
fucked up dating where guys are just
like practicing murdering I didn't know
what it was so I just wanted to see it's
a lot of guys that are handicapped it's
a lot of guys whose wives died and they
feel guilty moving on with a human woman
which was kind of well there was one guy
who would dress his doll up and his
wife's clothes weirdest part is that he
was like you know it's like she's still
here which makes me think she'd been
dead for a while I wonder how she died
and then it's a lot of truckers Oh God a
lot of truckers and a lot of guys do it
to do photo shoots it's like a creative
outlet fuck their creativity their
parents are gonna con I could look up
there's a lot of sex dolls have
Instagram accounts they're fucking funny
and a lot of them look way more human
than a lot of the Instagram models that
I've fuckin paulie they have more
wrinkles on their fucking face and then
a lot of the guys that have them when
you start monitoring their conversations
for a while they start to like not want
to fuck them anymore because it feels
weird like and they ant the firm
horrifies them and they they start
worrying that like they're lonely and
they get them unfriend it starts to
spiral and they start being like I feel
like I need to you know close the door
when I take a shit I've you know and it
starts just kind of consumed their life
so when it comes to robots I feel like
I'm more worried not about the robots
but more how we're gonna get emotionally
attached to them like the way at the end
of ex machina mm-hmm he thought that she
was gonna yeah she was with him no
no loyalty do she was so dead behind us
what is she's pick up ones with tattoos
Wow official sexy dolls initial sexy
Real Dolls I mean this is gonna be a
reality one day we might not be here but
this I do think these are gonna be like
iPhones it's simple I think one day
you're gonna go over your friend's house
and he's gonna have this really hot girl
lingerie and she's gonna be cleaning up
and you'd be like well it's like next
watching on when he was like she doesn't
speak English yeah yeah wasn't she a
robot at the end yeah I think she was
yeah they want the dancing Japanese Lee
yeah exactly
we're not gonna it's gonna be like with
some Westworld chick yeah it's coming
it's coming look if they can do this
look they couldn't do this when we were
kids this is a new thing so the amount
of time between when we're kids
- oh she said hi my love would you like
me to recite a poem for you fuck know
where they're coming from I don't know
she's just listening to us ask her how
she feels about porn how do you feel
about porn she's playing coy how do you
feel about porn to do what what the fuck
are you to do it for me there's nothing
you should do for me tell I mean from
the good and bad okay let me ask you a
question
what do you think about porn and then
she's a fucking know-it-all now she's
like a shitty Wikipedia yeah yeah
totally then she just turns to obnoxious
Siri we get it lady but it's funny when
you ask her like what what what what I'd
be surprised you like my electricity
keep you plugged in dirty bitch you can
ask her how do you like to have sex
okay shudder often jessiemae I'm gonna
start throwing up fucking funny but it's
Wow because she you can ask her like are
the robots gonna take over she's
planning it shudder I don't like that
fucking response we're in the water
circuit that bitch it is wild though
because I do think everyone is so
obsessed with how bad the sex robots
everyone's focusing their energy on how
this is why men or bet it's just like
they know it's not they're opening up a
sex robot brothel where's that no there
was one in Houston but they shut it down
because people were so freaked out and
also fucking cares
well they should shut it down because
multiple people are fucking the same
robot that's disgusting for them what if
they develop some new silicone based STD
that ones have just burning through the
population like the plague I think it
would just be like ringworm dick
ringworm I mean but also my thing with
that is just like if they're weirdos if
they're freaks if they're perverts like
don't you want them all to be in one
place right monitor like Scientology put
them on one building I'm thrilled that
they're all in a castle on Franklin I
know where they are they're not in the
wildest castle I'm glad they're there I
just keep them contained what do you
think what are they up to today but now
what's going on Jamie what are you
growing for what did she hacked your
software was the brothel it's in this
one guess is in Britain oh god do they
fuck them against the wall so try before
you buy service oh boy oh this is like
to test drive me yeah but you do it
they're just out in front of it well I
don't know why is one wearing of tank
top he says British sex workers are
scared of a new breed of realistic dolls
we'll put them out of business was it we
do a survey of hookers bloody European
plaice in blackface why sure she's tan
she's Indian what is the I don't know oh
oh
holy tits Batman what but here's what
I'll say if would you rather your
daughter at 18 go
with a robot man or a man ma'am okay
listen girls like boys and boys like
girls simple this is these are not bad I
think the real problem is making a big
deal out of it mm-hmm that's the real
price totally great this why are people
I just understand why this is scary
scary is that this is step one right
like if you go back to the Model A and
look at the Model T forward right
something some old-ass car and then go
to a Tesla yeah like oh well eventually
it's gonna be this Wow
you know you could bring a Tesla it's
like 1920 and go hey you fucks look at
this yeah this is what we're gonna have
someday everything was going so slow it
didn't matter but if you could get them
in like a Model S and fucking stomp on
the gas we're like warps time yeah they
would go what like what is it's a it's
it's something from the future yeah so
this is going to be whether it's a
hundred years from now or whatever it is
indiscernible from you and I yeah it's
gonna wild yeah it was interesting I've
been reading so much about this shit and
a lot of the problems with the robots
and the mistakes that they're making are
obviously the humans are making the
mistakes with the algorithm because so
many smart people have to make dumb
Alora nice and they're like almost too
smart right so there was Peter house
he's a robotics guy Brown was trying to
teach a robot to differentiate between a
husky and a wolf and what she she was
blanket and Jamie put pull put you got
the camera on her get her to fucking
stop stealing my thunder she just it's
just blanks and moves around sorry she's
still she really is what the fuck why
it's like Penn & Teller it's like when
tellers teller starts stealing the show
basically was bagged at this point but
they were trying to teach the robot to
tell the difference and they fed all
these pictures of wolves and all these
pictures of Huskies and you and you
would go okay look at the ears look at
the eye color the eyes look at the snout
look at the feet the tails different all
that shit but they didn't know that they
had fed all the photos of wolves there
was snow in the background so the robot
was actually looking at the snow in the
background instead of the foreground so
it conflated all the wool so they had to
rewrite the algorithm to tell it to look
at the foreground instead of the
background because it was all these
brilliant fucking people that didn't
think of the dumbest thing right you
know it's almost the people making it
are almost too smart to think of the
dumb thing that the robot needs to well
the real question is when are they gonna
be action when are they really going to
be able to map the human mind because
Kurzweil thinks that there's a group of
people that thinks within they think
2042 like the 2042 symposium it's like
their concept is and I went to this
thing on me and Ari and Duncan for
sci-fi we went to this thing in New York
City a few years back where all these
guys think that in 2042 there's going to
be some sort of some some revelation and
technology that allows human beings to
download their brains into computers
download consciousness and even make
replicas of your own consciousness so
we're a mortal basically yeah something
along those lines but we're still
figuring the brain out yes you know we
don't really know how bright we can't
replicate it till we totally know how it
works that's the idea that biologists
have with a the argue against it but
when the Kurzweil explains it that
everybody is short-sighted
because if you look at the exponential
progress of technology even though we're
so far away in our eyes that everything
changes exponentially and within 20
years we'll have gone through a million
years of yeah illogical evolution or
some other feeling the crazy number
whatever it is but by the time 2040 to
actually rolls around we will be so far
ahead of where we are now that it's all
it's impossible for us to even imagine
the territory right yeah which is I
think part of the reason I wanted to
like make her and he's like what why
isn't anyone talking about laws why
didn't I like no one's really thinking
about like I feel like like everything
we've sort of after it's become too late
that's when we start pulling it together
in terms of legislation and how do you
incorporate her in your set I talked
about robots for a good hour I cut it
down but I just kind of realized like I
mean you know it's like making a special
like I'm like well if I'm gonna talk
about fucking robots for 40 minutes some
shit better come out at the end you know
so but I went down to the sex robot
Factory to sort of get material and just
know what the fuck I was talking about
and
they asked you know do you want us to
make one of you and I was like fucking
that Santino I hope they're being sold
by the fucking droves that would make my
day which I did ask because you know
people request with us sex dolls like
specific celebrities body parts the most
who do you think the most requested
mouth is Scarlett Johansson nope
I knew you were to say that because I
know you love know Emilia Clarke who's
that Game of Thrones dragon lady Oh
dragon lady interesting most-requested
eyes is Olivia Wilde
she just directed a movie called
book-smart but she's in a bunch of
movies beautiful beautiful don't know
her yeah you'll know her soon as I
married to Jason Sudeikis you really
just are in your own way coach yeah
there's you're in your own world I
didn't even find out to cachi 6-9 was
until Jamie brought him up I don't even
know that oh the rapper the ones in jail
Oh what is this this is Olivia Wilde
this is gorgeous that's eyes yeah and
then I was like anyone ever ever
requests for anything for me and they're
like yes a couple people have got your
fingers eyebrows eyebrows they want
Whitney Cummings eyebrows too sexual
thing about a human being hmm my fucking
eyebrows she nailed her eyebrows with
her though oh really
yeah perfect John I'm gonna sharpie yeah
that's what you like fucking weird but I
kind of went down because I wanted to
see like what was up like are they
putting nine holes in the chest if I
like I I just fucking the holes in the
ribcage totally like it's just some like
insane they just put a golf course on
her body it's like 18 holes of it I just
didn't know what I was kind of endorsing
or talking about and I was just I got to
be honest with you I was just so
surprised at how it was kind of touching
to be honest when they were telling me
about what the guys ordered I was a
little surprised that it didn't align
with where everyone's like there was
this impossible standard of beauty like
that's all you fucking hear these days
half the guys that ordered them
requested pubes spent an extra $1,400
for them
$1,400 for you just to have manual like
a
Merkin like a little Souls ever doing
one threaded yeah that's exactly right
and then a lot of guys complain that
they're too skinny they want bigger ones
they want big thighs and big butts but
the technology is not available to make
them lightweight guys want him to be
older a lot of guys were complaining
they want him to look older so I kind of
just like this is sort of great news
like why is everyone so well maybe it's
because that's the type of woman that
will reject them an older woman and as
our shit together oh that's fucking
profound
yeah whereas a younger girl doesn't know
what the fuck sure I'm hungry hate my
venmo yeah younger girl just doesn't get
it she's delusional yeah yeah huh
doesn't know her value yet but I also
just felt like there was a little bit
you know when they were telling me that
I was like oh god maybe fucking guys are
made to now feel shame for what they're
into you know no one talks about the way
that you know and I do a lot of my
special and get a lot of shit for this
because I'm basically defending guys all
time what are you saying no it's just
like guys I feel like now they're like I
guess no one has pubes that's just how
it is now like if you're a guy that's
into pubes this isn't your moment like
porn like you'd have to really go out of
your way to find or you have to go back
to like 70s Paul you just date a girl
who's willing to grow it out for you if
you're really into it but if you're
really that into it you should really
ask yourself why yeah
puce why do you care yeah I said bit
about that too okay this is like Rogen's
great is it when I was a kid that
everyone had pubes uh-huh it was a real
thing that was a thing yeah like shorts
you just had like I think girls had
ridiculous pubes they didn't do anything
about but now when you what was that
when you electrolysis it doesn't grow
back so I was a laser right please razn
removal it doesn't grow back so even if
you want to grow them out now you'd have
to get like a little we was like yeah
you'd have to get lonesome minoxidil but
I uh I was talking to a gynecologist
about that it was like yeah women are
trying to get plugs now no God because
guys are complaining about it cuz it's
like women are getting plugs little
vagina
cube god it's so creepy but it'll grow
long like the hair in your head I guess
you'd have to take it from your head of
the trimmer put it down Janee grow it
went like you know like braids like
Pippi Longstocking oh god like braids
cornrows but so yeah I guess it was just
like I feel like the media wants to be
like these are so bad for society just
as because everyone's outraged about
everything now I think we should be
curious I think that I don't think
they're necessarily that bad for society
but it's it's unquestionably weird
mm-hmm that's weird but I don't know I
don't know what's that bad for society
but getting back to what you're saying
about men being shamed for what they
like yeah what are what other examples I
just got here I just thought that was
actually nipple there's like a wall of
nipples you could choose from in
mentoring no it's just that there was
all different kinds of nipples there was
long oblong was one of the bestsellers
like I joy I just yeah ridiculously long
enough oblong asymmetrical big dark ones
when I was a kid almost kills 21 I did
the girl had a wonky eye mm-hmm and I
thought wonky eyes were hot for like
years after we got to want you guys know
but she had a like shit a wonky eye like
they want like straight look look at her
one of them was like a little off to the
left and you didn't notice it until like
you're talking to her for a couple
minutes like oh that's what's up
that's endearing yeah I thought it was
hot I thought wonky eyes were hot for a
long time she was hot
yeah I was like in my head is like wonky
eyes were me put that away
just stop that gives life it gives life
that has sustained a human species yeah
that's where the babies feed but I do
feel like there's just you know you only
kind of see one type of nipple
everywhere you know and a lot of guys
are rikuo I don't know I mean I guess I
haven't seen that much porn I haven't
seen no I'm thinking about it but some
guys are in a giant areola yeah that's
right that's huge giant areolas are huge
dark areolas are huge which is
interesting because I think there is a
biological basis for that because once
your nipples get dark it's means you
usually when you give birth your nipples
get darker so the baby can find the
nipple really yeah gets darker nipples
darken after childbirth so your baby can
find it
she's all there Boynton yeah I see so
you're never gonna have a babies that
make you feel weird how does she might
you never know just looking at let me
ask her are you gonna have a baby
I don't want her anymore she's gonna
have one of them little alien
chestburster babies it's gonna come out
scream and run across the floor our
robots our robots gonna destroy humans
bullshit wow that sounds like a lie this
is bullshit I was really fascinated by
this one roboticist the coolest part
about having a robot is that I get to
talk to all these fuckin robot assistant
he was saying that the big fear with
robots is because they're all about
efficiency
you know this and there was that one
study where they told a robot to jump on
the table and in what you would do is
you go okay you would just jump on the
table but it actually took more energy
to jump on the table than to just break
the table and push it to the floor and
step on top of it so it just went and
just stepped on top of it oh wow it was
like oh just the table that's how we're
gonna die it's gonna just see us as
inefficient mm-hmm and in the way we're
gonna just be obstacles right and won't
see anything wrong with destroying an
object yeah but humans destroy humans
too
I'm rather get destroyed by a robot be
real and cooler story it seems so
impersonal like the moment when that
robot sunk that blade into that guy in
ex machina and just like it's like
looking right at him what are you
stabbing him yeah there's no change in
her expression at all no compunction no
but I would feel better about it for
robot killed me or I'd be like Oh wallet
didn't know you know it was just you
feel better for a person killed you were
an animal depends on the kind of animal
mountain lion
I have not lying in no yard about you do
how big our mound mine's big I've only
seen two in the wild and the ones I've
seen we're about 60 pounds
do they come right for your neck do they
know to just kill they don't they know
yeah if it I would rather I think die by
an animal really cuz you'd rather die by
a human I don't know I don't have a
fighting chance
human you do so I guess mine would be a
little quicker I guess it depends on
that bring a knife really yeah on your
leg no q I have a fanny pack that I run
with like a neoprene fanny pack you see
my cell phone with ya and I bring a
knife that strapped to the fanny
in case of mountain lion yeah attacks
you yeah I think you could beat up a
mountain lion I don't think so
not not without a knife but I think
there's a couple seconds that you have
how that thing grabs ahold of you that
if you have presence of mine uh-huh and
you can pull that blade out and just
start singing in its neck hmm just just
hacking at its neck hey Marshall would
get it no Marshall in seven pieces he's
not designed for killing he can kill
squirrels how it ends I don't know there
was something I've told you about when I
got my ear bitten off before when my ear
there was a weird sense of calm that it
was a weird feeling I'm just like that
was fair there was just something so
quick about it
like animals are so peeled on those
stories a dog you adopted was a little
sketchy mm-hmm and bit my ear off yeah
and there was salt bad was it hanging
off pretty bad it was like it was so I
didn't feel anything in the moment that
that was the good news about that I'm
sure if an animal bitten him I I'd
probably feel more but it was like a
rush of dopamine or so whatever it was I
did not feel pain until I saw it in the
mirror so she's like oh that was weird
like it felt like an itch and then I
looked in the mirror and my first
thought was I didn't put on earrings
today like I don't wear earrings like I
thought it was like a hoop earring and
then the blood started coming down and
then I saw it and it just started
burning it wasn't like a like a pain and
then I started watching videos about
people that got attacked by sharks and
there's a girl who had her arm bitten
off by a shark Bethany something and she
said that it like almost fell orgasmic
cuz like dopamine rushes to the area to
get you to keep fighting for your life
basically because if you felt the pain
or you would give up whoa so I didn't
really feel a lot of pain until I got to
the ER and then it started like
throbbing after like a couple hours when
the blood dried up and it's just already
got uncomfortable and itchy but there
was something that was so quick like
animals don't really deliberate it was
like funk and that was it
/ your ear it
I think he was just trying to play with
me I took it to an aggression specialist
and the aggression specialist was like
dog this kind of dog gives you a warning
they wouldn't just come right for they
growl first if it was trying and also if
that dog was trying to kill you it just
what if it would have been your face
right so he probably bit you just like
like you've got by the dog right it's a
bit of dog skin that nothing would
happen that's that same amount of
pressure that's right ears are useless
yeah and it was probably taken from its
mother to young just sure her ear is has
the same scar that mine does we molded
all of it yeah because of you yeah we
molded my ears my mouth because it's
amazing mr. your scar I can't see it
like you did you Jitsu yeah it's not
like cauliflower II they're not the best
part it's yours are fucking a girl here
cover it up with your hair yes sir could
you have the headphones ears are
annoying as shit because it doesn't hurt
until six months later when the nerves
start growing back in it hurts like fuck
so then it like six months later started
I started hurting I couldn't like sleep
I had to sleep with this weird pillow
and shits like nettlesome yeah I know so
many guys that have fucked up years from
jujitsu I bet so my years at all know
very little I've never known tiny pieces
like this to run the rubbing yeah from
getting him bent over in Kroshka
Naughton triangles but I always worry
your guards do you have to get him like
like Brendan doesn't he have to get his
cut out or some shit if Brendan wants to
he would have to get his cut and get the
the it's calcified yeah yeah I stab my
nose was filled with that because my
nose had been broken so many times at
the inside of it was all calcified yeah
and I couldn't breathe out of my nose
was useless so I had to get a deviated
septum too so they they they fix the
deviated septum they put the splints in
there to keep it in place and they had
to cut out all the scar tissue and all
the nonsense in there it was like a
laser night I don't know I was out cold
woke up and but I didn't get it done it
I was 40 honk I couldn't breathe out of
my neck a bulldog yeah I was 40 it was
terrible is terrible for my cardio too
and then so so if you wear ear guards
you don't get it because I feel like all
the fighters I see have that shit yeah
they just just don't if you wear ear
guards you don't get miss unless you get
it in a fight but you most of you get in
training you know like a lot of
jiu-jitsu guys before they're a black
belt they have fucking mangled ears but
it's also like a Badge of Courage like
people like yeah they let in it also
yeah you walk down the street no one
wants to fuck with you but it fucks up
the way you hear things like you take
your ears if you're talking right now
like lalalalala and then you just go
like that and then you hear things
check check check check check check it's
different yeah it sounds way different
well they're designed this way for a
reason
it catches that's right yeah the way
that it's kind of but it's also I don't
recommend like getting a surgery on it a
surgery ears fucking where I've gotten
many surgeries this is by far the most
painful the healing of the cartilage is
a fucking nightmare and to anesthetize
the ear they had to put the syringe in
the lacerations so they were like it's
gonna hurt more to anesthetize this so
we're just gonna do the surgery without
anesthesia and I just took a bunch of
painkillers and shit
huh cuz yeah it's hard to get anesthesia
into cartilage I know guys their ears
are so fucked up they can't get air pods
in there they just have a hole it's a
tiny pinhole on this side I have a
piercing right there this was for cuz I
get migraines and they say what's this
piercing helps with migraines it's
probably just psychosomatic it's SIBO
effect is in effect I rely on it heavily
but that was just that didn't hurt in
there no until it didn't hurt when it
went through but then it hurt for six
months after ears are a fucking
nightmare I'll tell you what but yeah so
we got her ear molded cuz it's amazing I
think something is that and I was
talking to this facial transplant person
about how it's actually really hard to
get something to look similar like the
bone char everything's got to be perfect
like my nose is really asymmetrical my
nostrils are really asymmetrical so they
had to real work really hard and mold it
over and over again how do nostrils
become asymmetrical it's bad breeding
really sanitation my whole face is a
Picasso painting I mean my face is a
fucking mess you know so to get you have
to
the asymmetry down run and they say the
key to something looking human is a lack
of symmetry because symmetry is actually
creepy do you remember that movie
invasion of the Body Snatchers and not
Donald Sutherland great oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah I remember that
watch again recently within the last
couple years it was great look really
real weird too because it's a time
capsule because it's a time capsule to
San Francisco in the 1970s when they
filmed it really really weird but but
the idea was that these pods they came
from outer space they grew and then when
you had them in your house they would
create a of you that take you over okay
look if you came home and you saw that
because it looks like you but it doesn't
look like you what is different about it
besides the lack of wrinkles it's not
you and shininess no it's just not you
it's not it's not even that close well
cuz I have it has pores it has
individually added pores by grabber and
bring her closer to you yeah bring her
over here what is that part oh it's just
a travel post you just want to have the
head you plug in just the head right
yeah like bring her right next to you
there you go I feel like get your head
right closer it's like the skin tones
different they made her six months ago
and I already looked 40 years older I
did 50 cities and I've aged she looks
super uncomfortable but next to you oh
really
she's a shara fucking just she doesn't
like it this I hope looks different
these ratchet-ass fingers I hope dude
yes so her fingers that people can't see
it's like the skin is coming off of the
finger like the robot parts are showing
this is actually not compute the guys
that buy these on the chat rooms they
usually spend most of the time talking
to each other about how to fix the
fingers because they break them off by
accident constantly can we stick them in
their ass rubbing them constantly on
their taint and it becomes like a car
club where guys are like 3d printing
fingernails and 3d print and eyeballs
it's mostly just fixing them it becomes
like fixing up an old car it's just like
a hobby because they break so easily at
least this it
raishin of them does but yeah you can I
mean it's ro yeah it's pretty fucking
wild I mean you can oh it's maids noise
when you do that oh yeah she's kind of
rickety I think but if you came home and
that was in your house standing there
staring at you what kind of a fucking
heart attack would you have if you
didn't know that you had like if you
didn't have this right if you didn't go
through all the process you went and one
day you you put the key to your lock you
open up your door you step inside your
house and she's standing there and like
some sexy lingerie Oh
or in a bikini or something like that
staring at you what a fucking heart
attack you would have no idea she
doesn't I mean but they will at some
point she's just she's like fucking of
my buddy I mean she's like a ratchet
Chucky you know that's the uncanny
valley that's right she's in the uncanny
valley where it's not quite a human
where I went to Nvidia once there a
video card video game they make of video
cards for computers like really high-end
graphics cards and for gamers and stuff
like that and one of the things that
they had was and this was quite a few
years ago they had these
state-of-the-art fake CGI person that
you could kind of talk to and it was
animated yeah and they were like we're
not quite there like we can't do the
mouth like the tongue I can't do the
tongue note correctly
I'll show you and because the muscles
that's what's so fast there it is this
is this is what we looked at this is
exactly the guy that we looked at and is
this the video of the show that I did
it's like 2013 face works you can look
it up yeah that's what this was the guy
and he's also bald because they can't do
the hair right yeah of course this was
six years ago right but look how close
it is look at the skin that's pretty
amazing like stubble I mean that's like
a razor burn yeah and also the eyebrows
are really good yeah but it's uncanny
it's still not quite a person there's
something wrong but that's video which
is better to duplicate that those
wrinkles are good it's it's wild because
it does make you realize flaws or what
makes something look human we spend all
of our time trying to be without flaws
but that's actually what sells it well
what you as a woman like how do you feel
about that like that and we've talked
about this before with with guys guys
that use filters
on their pictures it is let me say
fillers because guys do that they do
that - that's weird yeah that's weird
they're both equally weird but there's
something particularly disturbing to me
about guys who you've used filters I
only know one I'm glad I'm not single
that's all I'm saying
excited I don't think I don't you know
but yeah I mean it's alarming but a lot
of guys do it I mean guys are all
skinned fucking calf implants and shit
and guys it what who's getting cash I
don't think anyone we know but calf
implants are a fucking thing
no it's a big deal yeah big deal yeah I
thought that was a joke I don't believe
so
oh no watch entourage people get calf
implants guys are gonna face lifts all
kinds of shit you know I know guys are
getting lip and what they say you suck
dicks get yes I don't know it's a
different thing I don't know either I
know guys that were there are some guys
that's going on here is this a calf he's
our captain plant website it's just
google images for Wow we got one in the
lower left but by the way you could just
run hills you pussy but when you do this
can you still exercise like can you grow
muscle underneath it wow that guy's
calves look very impressive on the right
I do have to say I mean they've done
they changed him
it's shortcuts how much of these cuts oh
you know those look like like a cop like
a athletic cop yeah like a fencer yeah
yeah good to keep from getting kicked
yeah no he did that at the fucking mini
mall yes yeah that's a mistake I know
there's a tattoo are those bad or good
right there look at this one that's
pretty dim realistic what is it hang on
- it's what I don't understand
mm-hmm I used to really be another
surgery channel well I mean it's got to
be like like a silicone yeah it's
silicone or water-based or something
like that but how do you live with
yourself I don't know it feels like a
trick you do you're probably just trying
to get laid and you're sad
oh no no it looks like that's some
Pinocchio shit right there I don't like
that what's the thing on the left has it
rotted what are all those veins
I got the implants to take care of that
problem I'm glad my robots um least
exciting he has some injuries yeah oh
yeah bit by wolves this is why I got him
this is cuz he got because he got eaten
by wolves
yeah those looks like we're act they
slice right behind his knee and yeah
dropped him in but look at his there was
no other options legs
well you here's the other option don't
get calf on Plan C and stop running
around outside with Bulls go good no I'm
just saying yeah I don't think you
really got bit by what has happened
but if wolves get you they usually yeah
you get you it's very chaotic might do
that to your calves
yeah there's no like margin of error
with wolves they just break the bones of
your leg with one bite injury said the
car accidentally was younger and caps
wouldn't grow well yeah I think a lot of
its reconstructive that's just one
sentence about it oh yeah but a lot of
guys get that shit I know a guy who had
PEC implants he was a skinny guy breast
implants yeah he got PEC employers under
his meat of his chest to make his chest
and so is that is that something
somebody does cuz they can't accomplish
it naturally or they're just lazy and
cutting corners you'd have to ask them
but the reality is there's things the
people that some people are ectomorph
sand ectomorphs are like really thin
people that haven't gladly hard time
gaining weight yeah their body just
doesn't ab ilysm yeah it doesn't grow
mass yeah their muscles don't grow right
yeah male plastic surgery is a really
big thing now but putting filters on it
I don't know I feel like a fucking love
that show botched love it let one live
for one episode was actually pretty
interesting where's a guy had been an
injury and he got his calf destroy his
uh his his breast destroyed his PEC and
they had to fix it I don't know he just
said nothing there so he had like one
that was like here there was a guy who
is a fighter who's a high-level UFC
fighters name is Trey telligman he
fought Vitor Belfort in 1997 he was
Vitor Belfort inaugural fight in the UFC
and we didn't know about Vitor when
Vitor was 19 years old and I knew who he
was because I was training with Vitor
back then I was I was a white belt at
carlson gracie school on
thorn in West Hollywood so we knew he
was this phenomenal talent but a lot of
people didn't know that he was
incredible boxer at this crazy hand
speed he lit this dude up but anyway
trade telligman was in a car accident
and he was a little kid and he didn't
have a pack like his chest was caved in
that's right
see if you photograph of Trey telegram
the guy was a stud too and a handsome
fella too but everything else just super
jacked but he had this crazy PEC injury
I mean awesome oh yeah see that oh yeah
yeah yeah well it was a baby I think and
he was in a car accident very
significant injury that would psych me
out yeah a guy took his clothes off and
you say all right I mean I just mean
that's your opponent you're just like oh
fuck what but he there's something hot
about it there's this is this is I think
there's something primal of like he's
fucking survived some shit right dick
with him there's something hot about
that like that dude from the wire with
that scar crosses totally scars any kind
of proof of injury proof that you've
been in battle is attractive to my yeah
that's a weird i'ma brain I hate myself
for it do you know that the Nazis used
to have dueling scars that were very
popular across the face it was a big
deal they would all they would get him
on purpose like they would get into
duels with swords and they would have
dueling scars and a lot of the Operation
Paperclip Nazis that we got from Soviet
where we got from Germany rather at the
end of World War two when you know NASA
took on a bunch of German scientists a
lot of them had these horrific dueling
scars that they did on base purpose no
they would get in boarding school and in
military school they would get in fights
with swords and they would cut each
other's faces open we're doing meth and
shit - that was more that it means for
sure but that was more the Japanese that
was the kamikazes the kamikazes is the
way they got them to fly into boats and
just fucking explode their fucking
airplanes the way they got him to do
that was they were mapped out of their
mind
okay okay try to find a picture of Nazi
dueling scars it's crazy because like
some guys that were hanging out with
werner von
werner herzog rather know Wernher von
Braun Werner Herzog's the director yeah
Wernher von Braun the guy was the head
of NASA on when they went to the moon he
had this these guys that were working
with him and these giants cars across
their face huge like it was it like a
ritual like to show your pecking order
yeah which showed you were badass so you
you had gone through but it was a big
thing with the Nazis and there's some
horrific photos of these guys young kids
with huge gaping open wounds here's
here's a photos holy zoom in on the yeah
see this is a guy this is right after
the dueling cults that's on this it said
that women found it attractive yep so
someone guys actually would do it on
purpose
oh yeah I'm gonna have doctors sliced
off their fucking cheek well look at
this guy right here with the goggles go
to that guy with the goggles yeah look
at that yeah he's got two big scars on
his face and they had the goggle so they
didn't cut their fucking eyes out before
anesthesia oh yeah see so he's got a
plate over his nose to keep his nose
intact because he couldn't really stitch
that bitch back on but they would take
these huge scars on their cheeks cuz
they would be dueling with real fucking
swords and they would have these
practice dueling matches and then they'd
have to stitch them up so these guys all
have these huge scars by the way when he
comes back to cauliflower ears a lot of
guys did that themselves on purply
they're stitching them up whoa
a lot of guys did that themselves they'd
smash their ears yeah they've smashed
your son Pro oh yeah all the time
whiteouts yeah well a lot of white belts
that want to be like badasses they'd
smash their fucking year so I don't
think fucking trip to leak yeah it's
load and explode don't explode sometimes
well yeah they can break off - there was
one fight that I was watching once where
a chunk of this guy's ear cuz its
calcified you know it's hard if you ever
touched a cauliflower ear I have it
feels like a rock uh-huh it's because
it's calcium yeah it's a rock yeah it's
a crystallized yeah it's literally like
a mineral rock and it's inside your
fucking ear Randy Couture who had these
crazy ones used to take it and grind it
into people's faces like so he'd be like
getting ahead in arm position he would
shove his bag wet beer into your fucking
eyeball
points for creativity okay explode
that's Leslie Smith she was fighting
Jessica I and Jessica I cracked her with
a punch and it literally let she go
purposely for it no no she's just
beating her up and in the process of
beating her up she caught her ear and it
was hanging out and open and Leslie
Smith so fucking tough she didn't want
to stop the fight she was mad they
stopped the fight his right ear was
hanging off that was a long time I mean
not a long time ago but about four years
ago do you think I mean would there ever
be human versus robot fights sure yeah I
would I can't wait they would have to
dial the robots down right they'd have
to like when I was talking about we were
talking about before the show started
that I think it would be cool to have a
robot that moved at like 50% like a
martial arts robot that you would be
able to practice technique on so you
just would just you'd basically would
you do as do drills right like you do
like a Dutch combination which is one
two left hook to the body right leg kick
and you would do it like while it's in
front of you advancing you put that back
boom and it would have to like react to
your punches but they would do
everything like 50% speed so you could
take a chance of this thing hitting you
but it probably wouldn't but it would
provide you with enough movement so that
you could develop patterns in your mind
and your body would like synchronize
with these patterns so that in a real
fight you would know what what's you
would you'd have these things ain't sort
of ingrained like one of the things that
happens in a fight is things happen that
you don't think of you just do them and
you don't realize you were even going to
do them until you already did it right
because it's like you've drilled them
into your subconscious so you can with a
robot and then maybe you can ramp the
robot up to 3/4 speed if you got really
good at it then you really move and duck
and it would be throwing punches at you
trying to hit you yeah they can record
you if so you can see what you're doing
that'd be helpful yeah that would if you
could look through the robots eyes you
go put your fucking GoPro on it yeah
they're gonna have eyes cameras soon
yeah and then you're gonna see someone's
dick holes
to logout like a woman she's not even
gonna flinch like if you see car horns
it's one thing about porns it's like the
moment the load hits no matter how good
actress is the moment the loads hits the
brace for impact is always a flinch even
in the sanam they're real pros
a real pro just takes it on the mug and
just just I don't there's I don't know
like boxers some boxers is photos of
them or their getting hit with their
arse or well yeah they never they never
squint ever since tumbler doesn't have
porn I'm feel like I'm off the map
tumblr doesn't have porn no it used to
it's used to have porn it was super but
it wasn't one of the most popular porn
sites what yeah and they stopped doing
porn do you know why probably cuz people
were complaining it was making too much
money it's too lucrative oh they were
making money yeah yeah it was like a
blog site and people were putting all
this porn and they were getting shut
down
well Twitter is porn yes it does I fall
joyed yes I'm fully fucking aware
Twitter is a lot of fun I didn't realize
that yeah I only follow fucking annoying
ass news bullshit do you yeah I mean I
just I Twitter I'm just like all my
friends and news outlets I don't know if
I want to like jerk off in between like
CNN and Business Insider I'd look at
Twitter so infrequently now cuz every
time I look at it it seems to be he's
fighting it's exhausting arguing you
don't help me cuz I was like this
special and I loved your special because
like you acknowledge you like I'm gonna
get in trouble for this so you're gonna
be so it like that was just so fucking
smart when I was writing this special
it's the first time I've ever done one
where I started cutting bits because I
was like it's just not worth the
fighting like I didn't want to fucking
deal with it you know like I had this
whole bit on Marilyn Monroe and how I
don't think she's a like I feel like
she's being forced on us is like a
feminist icon like all my girlfriends
are like posting like photos of Marilyn
Monroe being like you know always show
up two hours late keep a man waiting I'm
like this woman is a fucking asshole
she's a slob and why do i why she's not
my Gloria Steinem and I just had this
whole bit and I'm just like oh they're
gonna say I don't like women and I'm a
shaming slut-shaming I just like it's
not fuckin worth well she's a weird one
right because she fucked everybody which
is not bad
it's not bad to fuck everybody but she
fucked everybody and apparently that's
the real conspiracy is that the Kennedys
had her killed because she was banging
JFK and then she's banging RFK and
apparently she loose lips sink ships yep
yappin a lot and look I I'm gorgeous
good for her for making my back then
making money the way you had to but I
just
let's let her be what she was why why
you know I think that she that Hedy
Lamarr should get the credit that she
gets you know I mean you talk about
heading fuckin Jean badass she was a
legit and she nobody gives a shit
responsible for Wi-Fi people use Wi-Fi
mostly to Google Marilyn Monroe clothes
Hedy Lamarr came back to life like so
did my invention did it ever come of
anything we'd be like yeah good news bad
news yeah we mostly use it to Google the
whore version of you know I don't I
don't it's it's I love Marilyn Monroe
like I just feel like there's this thing
now where you know women we can't
criticize any woman ever or else that we
get in trouble you know and I think we
have to be able to call Pete like I say
in my special I talk about the
difference between women that are does
anyone have any girlfriends that think
they're feminists but they're actually
just assholes you know and I know that
I'm gonna get shit for it and that's
like the men's rights guys how many of
the men's rights guys just like they
talk about women like their pieces of
meat right like is that really men's
rights or are you just a piece of shit
are you like what are you doing here
yeah you teaching people that they need
to have rights are you teaching men how
to manipulate vulnerable people and how
do you have this kind of time to even
look like I don't even know those books
are profitable oh it's like a whole
business yeah those books I mean guys
give seminars on how to pick up women
right oh right like the game yeah Gaia
theory I remember when I used to when I
first came to LA like guys would do that
and it was what they try it on you yes
the first thing you do well they you're
supposed to ignore the it's negging
right you're supposed to ignore them and
then you're supposed to do a compliment
that's actually an insult like every guy
when I fir
moved here would be like I really like
how your eyes are crooked like it was
like every guy would make the same thing
who's that oh that's the pickup artist
guy mystery yeah the game that he was
like the host of the show yeah his name
is mystery does he have a fake lip
tattoo on his neck kisses yeah I think
so why does he have to Cochran that's it
here like lipstick kind of thing all
right okay I like the furry hat yeah so
he had a whole thing he was doing for a
while eyeliner on okay this is like a
judge Criss Angel madness but and then
you would like I try to ignore the girl
this whole thing we're supposed to be
mean to her to make her like you or some
shit
yeah well that works on really
vulnerable people yeah and girls and
Trini girls who are used to compliments
and used to getting a lot of attention
well for men that are ignored and that a
face rejection over and over and over
again
they've view women as if not the enemy
as some sum and source of negative
feelings right yeah and for you to get
over on them would be to get some of
that back right right all those bad
feelings bad encounters negative
interactions that you've had with women
yeah I had a friend that was like that
over the time that I knew him when I've
met him when he was in his 20s and as
time went on and into his 30s he became
more and more bitter and angry he wasn't
very attractive and he would have these
interactions with women and they would
wind up no dumping in or abusing him and
and he he just got fucking angry and
then as he got older he was just an
angry guy like he just hated women it
would be just because of rejection yeah
he associated them with pain and
emotional discomfort and so for a guy
like that and he I don't he wasn't into
the game or anything like that but for
some of those guys that are vulnerable
like you know like this this insel thing
with a lot of these men involuntary
celibates they develop these form groups
and yeah subreddits and and they meet up
and you know talk about what to do and
maybe I'll get facial surgery and yeah
look no further but they want women yeah
ultimately that's a compromise they want
a real woman
you know they just they just got a shit
roll the dice genetically yeah I don't
know what ton about I mean I've read
articles about and said but what is can
they not get hookers or don't want to or
well that's a problem because hookers
are illegal right like you know if you
get hookers you got to go through some
sort of shady black Marta fuckin dantana
I think actually tonight's a Dan Tana's
yeah yeah that's exactly we'll have you
convinced you'll go there with a fucking
newspaper there's no there's no hookers
you'll be pretending you sit here and
wait no just read the paper and they'll
show up yeah there's no hookers yeah I
remember I used to go to the four
seasons all the time and people would
come in like ma'am are you here to sit
like they always thought I was a
prostitute why there in the lobby yeah
four seasons in Beverly Hills Peninsula
yeah oh they be like ma'am are you here
to see somebody or you like if I ever
showed up alone because hookers just
like wander around the Four Seasons
lobby oh how weird editorial little
coyotes oh my god of course I should
call Heidi's when we used to go to the
sky bar across the street from is that
still just like the Mondrian sky bar
that exists I think so it's across from
in this economy store yeah I used to
have a whole bit about them the Coyotes
because they were like they would prey
on these guys I was I was hanging out
once with me and a friend of mine and we
heard this conversation between this fat
balding guy and this really pretty girl
with big tits and and he was like do
coke do you do coke she's like yeah
sometimes
and I was like cuz it's like damn they
would prey on these vulnerable you know
like like a pug now like a pug that got
out of the yard
I felt like they because these women
would have this feral look in their eyes
like when when you're down to fuckin
people for money and that's how you're
getting by and you got some cocaine in
your purse and maybe a few dollars and
you probably don't eat well no and you
don't have a lot of money and whatever
money you do have he's spending on drugs
or whatever and there's a feeling that
you get when you're around them on here
they're feral yeah every day were
hustling
yeah they're hustling yeah and they're
looking for these vulnerable guys with
money yeah that's what you know that
place would be the place where they
would go yeah Mondrian I remember when I
first moved there yeah you're like wait
in line to get in and there's a pool and
occasionally drunk they'd jump in the
Pam Anderson famously like got naked and
jumped in that pool that was like which
yeah don't that's a dozen we've already
got I've already had a public fight with
her I don't want to do it yeah on the
roasts she was on the David Hasselhoff
roast and I mean I and I apologized her
without just saying I believe I said Pam
Anderson you fucked Tommy Lee kid Rock
and who's the other oh you fucked Tommy
Lee Bret Michaels and Kid Rock why don't
you just save yourself some time and
drink of that of Magic Johnson's blood
[Laughter]
oh shit I said a lot of shit about her
vagina and yeah didn't go great I mean
I'll do shell like I just got asked to
do the next roast and I know if you can
fucking do roasts anymore roast battles
still exist they still go hard in the
paint on Tuesday night of the cops right
we just didn't shit that's tonight yeah
we just did it in San Francisco and it
was so fun but I still found myself in
sleep I mean when we did Joan Rivers I
said up Joan Rivers is so old her vagina
has a separate entrance for black cocks
and today I would fucking be run out of
town now you just said it I did admit I
mean I remember people used to think
jokes were funny people used to have a
sense of humor I mean even fucking Joan
you know I said Joan their whole career
my opening joke was Joan I loved you in
the wrestler she's hilarious like you
could a good sensing you your best yeah
and she had such a good sense of humor
even during the roast her face from
plastic surgery was so frozen that
because you know every time something
tells a joke you'll check in to see if
the person that's being roasted laughing
to make sure and she would like kind of
and she kept we would look
like greg Giraldo was just fucking
hammering or and the audience was
nervous and then she said it she's like
I'm laughing I had too much Botox like
she had to subtitle her face so that we
all knew she was okay but I did the
brain improv once with Joey Diaz and Ari
Shaffir and we got barbecued in the
greenroom just barbecued we went way too
far and Joan Rivers in her television
show who's when she did television show
with her daughter it was on TV I don't
know what show it was it was a reality
show
okay and we were watching it on the on
the screen and her face looked like a
kabuki mask oh it was just frozen
did you see the documentary a piece of
work it's pretty you see her she goes
and gets it and talks about it and I was
doing that it's you know I mean make her
look better there's a I don't know I
mean look at me I definitely get nervous
sometimes and people overall everyone
always like accused me I do much shit to
my face I'm like no you'll know I'll
look like a fucking moon bounce like I
already know you're gonna do it
eventually
yes for sure why do people accuse you of
it because you don't look like thank you
very thin nose though people would worry
that you did you knows it's wild because
you'd think I got my nose I'm at my
nostrils are crooked I went to a doctor
in Beverly Hills because I had sinus
problems for a longest time and he
actually said you know I I can you have
a septic what does it deviated you so
it's like you have a deviated septum and
I was like what do you do like he was
like we can get a nose job if yeah
totally and I never did it because but
your nose is thin thank you if he did it
what would he do make it very nostrils
equal even they're really asymmetrical
and it's like problematic and sometimes
in its problem when I do something in
television sometimes they have to fix my
nostrils host to make it even fuck about
you're not just distracting I feel like
those things are there just to find out
who's really weird like if you're really
freaking out about someone's
asymmetrical nostrils it's just I mean
the key to most movie stars into is
they're symmetrical you know they're
just like mmm you know think about the
most beautiful women on the world have
some symmetry but yeah I don't it's wild
I mean I have I mean I talk about in my
special I have had surgery on my boobs I
did have boobs done Hollow
which is kind of this might interest you
the I was learning because I had all
kinds of shit and the way that they make
boobs look good is because I think I
heard you talking about someone about
the shitty old breast implants the way
they make them good now is that they put
you on like a crucifix oh and they do
the surgery while you're standing up
what so that they so you're out cold yes
so that they fall well and oh my god
really oh so I finally went through a
guy that knew how to do that yeah it's
my fucking mild butt so I admit what I
have you know but on my face it is
alarming because it does feel like
female comedians a couple of famous ones
that we know in they age went down that
round I don't know if it's like the same
thing that got you into comedy is the
same thing that made you think you had
to do that you know I've heard a lot of
stuff about like childhood sexual abuse
ago people go really off the grid with
their face that's like a type of
dysmorphia or a lot of people a lot of
psychologists have said because I've
talked to a therapist whose job is in
dysmorphia to advise on whether another
surgery should be done by somebody like
if they're getting dysmorphic and a lot
of times it's if you've had childhood
sexual abuse you want to change your
face so that it's not you don't see the
person in the mirror that got it right
like it's the Michael Jackson thing yeah
yeah it's like a childhood trauma yeah
yeah the Michael Jackson thing was
always that he hated his father and he
hated looking at his father in his own
face so when it's that extreme I try to
like not judge because I'm like oh there
might be some psychological shit that I
don't know about for sure you know but
it's getting worse and worse with this
Instagram shit because kids are grown I
mean it used to be like we had acne and
we'd go to school with acne you know but
now it's like you're projecting this
flawless perfect face and then you have
to show up at school with fucking acne
the next day like also it's like people
want their face to actually look like an
Instagram filter which is bananas it
doesn't but again it's a test to see
who's fucked up like who wants that not
not girl who wants that as far as guy
like what guy wants that it's I'm so
confounded by what I'm seeing right like
also you just want to look like
everybody else when you're young but the
weird thing is women wanted to be super
skinny
that's a weird one like that's always
been around numb well it's a new model
skinny thing it's yeah it's not it's not
attractive to men yeah like men like
asses yeah I mean everyone's different
right yeah I like girls with meat mm-hmm
well because that also translates to
fertility I mean it's like we want
someone that looks for sure and you know
healthy yeah well I want a girl in
Carrie couch with me for real do you
want a girl you pick up the end of the
couch now let's move over here I don't
expect you to pick up the whole couch
you're gonna be harder for you than me
but we don't have to carry that far I
don't know this trend of super skinny
cuz it doesn't really make sense on like
a primordial level white samaan it's a
model thing because for clothes they
want a girl to be a clothes hang yeah
that's right they want a skinny girl
that just looks good sashay down the
runway with their bag of bones which I
was really like and I actually did like
a whole like paper on this and I was in
college about actually the reason that
fashion had you know such tiny models is
because they were just there was a
shortage on fabric during World War two
so they just started making dresses
smaller and then model skinnier
like it wasn't yeah it wasn't even
really something that we wanted I
assumed it was gay dudes I'm sure that
gay dudes are into twinks know so they
can you say twinks without getting
arrested got in trouble for saying
something about twinks isn't so this is
the whole thing I can't so it's just
like fucking outrage it's helped me
though someone was saying I read and I
think this is on your podcast 2% of all
people on Twitter make eighty percent of
the comments yes so it's on us for
amplifying that 2% it's real it's not
that many fucking people it just feels
big it's not the world you go out in the
world and you would think that it's
gonna be just knife fights antifoam get
shit bottle and after after the Roseanne
thing everyone's like what happened to
Roseanne that was so funny I was like
you didn't hear half the people didn't
even know about it no most people didn't
know about it
and then I was on tour and this is I
mean there's some stuff in the special
that I'm sure like
logs are gonna comment before but you
know I was going around talking about
all the stuff happening the news and
sexual harassment stuff and getting your
ass grabbed at work at one time I was in
Houston this woman yelled out I was like
a guy that grabs you in the ass she went
take the compliment and move on she's
like this is such an LA New York fuck
you know so it's just like justice is a
different world so many points of view
that we're just not that are not being
heard
right now the Twitter point of view is
very strange it's like you have
right-wing Twitter left-wing Twitter and
black Twitter yeah we have three
different in our little echo chamber and
it just feels so much bigger than it is
around the world you know you guys just
want fucking laugh outraged culture yeah
it's very strange how do you and how old
will this end
I think it ends with mine reading
software okay for real
I think what's happening right now is
it's we're all we're okay if you say
something and you have a certain intent
and that tenth intent is not accurately
expressed by the sounds you're making
with your mouth I can choose to get mad
but if I can read what you're thinking
then the I know what your intent is but
it used to be we'd be able to tell I'd
be able to read your face and go Joe's
joking cuz we're right in front of each
other yeah right that's what's missing
on Twitter there's no social cues things
don't translate in text how many times
is a friend sent you a text message and
you think they're serious
yeah just joking oh yeah most of the
arguments in my life so many times I'll
send someone because I say fucked up
things and techsmith's half my text
messages to my friends are heinous me
and Cowan and show up psycho yeah Joey
Diaz every week three pictures of his
shit the other day you showed me his
balls for like 20 minutes
I'm sure his balls are unbelievable
they're gorgeous they look like Kim
Kardashian's but they're very rare their
butt is what is it is that just are they
fake like you know this is Joey Diaz
this is let me know look at that
gigantic log of shit that's that's that
looks like a fucking no that's just no
no no I've seen those in real life he
would leave them in the toilet form
this isn't healthy I would go into this
is not if I can help me associated Joey
Diaz with healthy first of all notice
that it's not even in the water it's on
the beach next to the water because he's
kind of big and he doesn't really fit on
the toilet correctly I don't understand
why this doesn't break off why doesn't
his sphincter cut it holds it in I think
his his finger the calamari is his
sphincter is loose I think when he lets
it loose it's just like a logjam that
just got released like a like they
opened up a dam on the river I just whoa
fucking nightmares giant piece of shit
so he'll send me pictures of his shit
sister where what are we doing sister
thank god he's alive because he's one of
those guys it's just like whatever
outrage the one of the things that I
used to love about going on the road
with him which is it's tragically he's
too successful Joey Diaz is famous now
so I can't really take him on the road
with me as much anymore because he's
always booked but the beautiful thing
was but he will be working with me
tonight the Comedy Store okay the
beautiful thing was when I take him on
the road he would open everybody up like
so hard they're like all the taboos are
out the window by time I go on stage oh
oh yeah that's such a fucking great
smart choice people like he's so funny
why would you want to follow him I'm
like well I think that's in your head
because if you're funny you're funny yes
I mean he's definitely funnier than me
he's funny than everybody has ever lived
but he's also building shakes when
Jenna's on stage he's a monster but he
also he lays the foundation that it's
everything's on the table you know he
used to do that at the roast was greg
Giraldo yes he would go out and he would
just say the shit then even in a Rosie
be like Oh fuckin he goes first
well people hadn't even had drinks yet
you and me like he said um iced tea yeah
you're so old you used your first
residual check to buy your freedom it's
like Jesus bunny like that would be like
his opening joke oh my god it was like
5:30 on a Sunday it was like homey Oh
oh my god like he would just come sword
and the audience wouldn't even know what
to do but that's something he was so
fucking unbelievable like Greg and I
were on TV at the same time and we were
right next to each other on the lot at
Gower sunset and Gower yeah I was a
Newsradio and he had his own show for a
bit in his show was right next to my
show and we would hang out you know cuz
we were both guys from New York that
were more from the East Coast at least
that we're doing comedy and we're out
here like things crazy you know and and
I never thought he would die like that
like what he died of a drug overdose I
was like Greg we had been sober yeah
what happened he went to a party and
someone gave him some shit and I mean
it's so tricky when my I mean I get
worried I'm like a fucking mom about the
shit what my guy you know anyone goes on
the road and you're getting shit you
don't know how strong it is you're
getting it from random people I think he
had been sober and his tolerance was low
and just tried to go back to what had
Jonah was I think so but I don't know
all the details that fucking need for
escape the need for the pill things
doesn't feel like though in general
comics are getting healthier like you
probably you saw the days when everyone
was on blow and everyone this feels like
everyone's now in Jamba Juice and on it
and kombucha and the real problem is I
can't imagine you know we've never lost
our balls some people think that in
order to be a comedian you have to be at
least a little bit self-destructive like
the great ones just have good story to
get good stories yeah I started go to
therapy I was like fuck what do I talk
about paying my mortgage on time this
isn't funny
it's a problem you can wealthy right you
know how many fear of you know your
bills are paid when you stop doing
desperate shit and making mistakes you
just have less interesting story
certainly there's that but it doesn't
always have to be stories right but I
also think it's perspective gets very
skewed when you live a life of leisure
yeah you know when you live a life of
leisure and comfort and privilege which
most wealthy comedians do that's when
they all start to suck
like when comedians have usually they
have a few good years like they make it
and they have like one or two good
specials and then they have some that
just what happened sloppy because you
think they just don't have to fight as
hard or I mean a lot of times I hear you
know people will schedule their special
like I'm shooting your special naps
March it's like but have you written it
like you scheduled it before you're
finished with that's the Eddie Murphy
thing oh really
you know Eddie Murphy just got a seventy
million dollar deal he hasn't done
stand-up in thirty years so like how
many times does he get look I think
first of all just as an aside or just to
start this off I'm not bashing him I'm a
giant Eddie Murphy fan anybody who
thinks that Eddie Murphy's do stand-up
again it's me and I've even talked about
on this podcast that he did that he did
some speech on a podium where he's
talking about how bad Bill Cosby fucked
up because they had a he had to give his
his awards back you know oh right oh
shit it was hilarious segments it's a
Hilaire and I was like goddamn his
timing is so good I wish you would do
stay on the Ganges well he was at the
Comedy Store walking the halls a couple
times I've done Tuesdays this was like a
couple years ago and he just walked in
and he just like looked like he was on a
people mover
he was just like float through the
hallways and you know the hallways it's
like fucking Beirut in those hallways
and everyone just gets super quiet now
and it hasn't done stand-up in 30 years
that's how god damn like you know as
nice as look Tim Allen is Tim Allen
hasn't done stand-up in forever either
but if he walks by but I saw that's that
guy from home improvement yeah
you know they're not like freaking out
that he's there he was so good getting
delirious and we were kids he'd watch
that you but he was so goddamn good that
today I mean legend of it just carries
on I mean the real question is when he
comes back or people gonna start tearing
apart his old specials and saying 100%
phobic and he oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
work like well people are going after
people for George John Wayne John Wayne
he's canceled his cancer okay he's been
dead for decades
he's not woken up in the 70s he said bad
things about black people or something
well they're shit now where it's like
Picasso's canceled he's canceled yep
Picasso's get Bukowski is canceled man
this is like the fuckin house key was in
a bar bear or whatever her name is
what's her name Hannah Gatsby Picasso
like hey baby you got to let that go
that was a long time he admitted I mean
it's like that's the other thing is all
these people who put their mental
illness and struggles on a kid they
would probably agree with us oh for sure
they were fucked up for she know like
van Gogh was shitty to his subjects it's
like yes oh I mean you see it in his
work you know there's people that want
to forgive people though for a thing
like Rome remember when there's a lot of
Roman Polanski apologists oh I don't
think I caught and there was quite a few
yeah I mean way in Hollywood yes like
legitimate actors and actresses that
were saying you know it's time to let it
go leave he's an amazing artist I'm good
Rosemary's baby's fucking great movie
but I think he's done it it's a wrap but
there are people like you know Stanley
Kubrick who is yes arguably the might be
my favorite well now his genius as ever
and in filmmaking which by the way yeah
I was reading that the guy that directed
ex machina kind of loosely based the guy
on Stanley Kubrick oh wow did you ever
see and then as soon as I thought about
a lease Garland I think is the guy that
wrote it I thought that was interesting
but have you ever seen like the videos
of Kubrick directing Shelley law and all
the stories about how he terrorized her
throughout the production to get her
into a I mean he didn't want her to
sleep he wanted her bags under eyes he
would wake her up in the middle of the
night and he'd scream at her and call
her a cunt and then she'd be like it was
her performance is unbelievable and I
and it's like was terror right today
that would be a hostile work environment
that to being olive oil in the Popeye
movie with Robin Williams and then she
just quit yeah I mean she was so good in
the shining and then she didn't do this
emotion
was make great art I don't know it's I'm
not know the same thing happened Rakesh
Schroeder in the champ Oh John John
Voight was like really shitty with him
he was a little kid he's now six seven
years old yeah he's really shit even
mean to him before the scenes yeah start
crying yeah I mean there's also there's
a there's a director who there was an
explosion in a movie and the actor you
know it's a fake explosion and you're
going huh and then one take he was like
just make it a real just don't tell him
and the fucking take was amazing in the
actor got all pissed off but the fucking
work you know you get to get credit for
that so it's it is this tricky thing
like I was uh I did a show called Adam
ruins everything you know that show it's
he's just a smart dude and he just asked
me to do a little guest spot and I had
to play a flight attendant in the 50s
who was getting sexually harassed like
that was the scene right and because
that's what I guess Airlines used to do
that they would sort of pimp out their
flight attendants you if you were
engaged and we're allowed to wear your
ring you had to ruler yeah it was like I
hit the episodes are really interesting
supposed to be really hot right a
certain size and you had to be young and
then you had to kind of like what did
they let that go it was kind of 235
pounds he was five foot four nice guy
though but it was like a dating service
back then basically it Adam did the
whole thing on it and I was in there and
it felt very much everyone was like okay
whatever you feel comfortable with it
was like no we have to do we have to
make this feel uncomfortable you know
like don't worry about my feelings right
now you know it's like you know so there
is just this conversation about like a
no hostile work environment and everyone
needs to feel emotionally safe like well
can you distinguish yeah well can you
get to that place without being harassed
if you're a really good actress if
you're really crazy of course but I just
you know you still have to do it you
know go for it I mean isn't that the
argument about great actors that they
kind of have to be crazy like a Daniel
day-lewis type actor right but you have
to kind of be like that's why their
method actors right they stay in that
mindset because to maintain that mindset
it's really the only way to achieve it
you almost kind of have to be there all
the time but also the being in character
thing like when people like you know
bitch about like when Christian Bale had
his
no melt their meltdown and stuff it's
like I mean it's just there's so many
people on a set and there's so many
distractions and you know you at some
point you're just like I have it's
impossible to fucking focus well in this
also there's losers on set sometimes
that fucked things up and get in the way
yeah it does happen yeah
the fact that they recorded him
screaming at that guy I was like well I
want to know what that guy did and who
was that guy that guy might be a moron
hadn't he been starving himself for like
seven months or something that's the
mechanic it's the same movie it's just
like you know the machine machinist
right it's like I'm the face of this
fucking movie I'm under all this
pressure I have to get this thing we're
losing light and this fucking guy's cell
phone goes off or I don't know exactly
what happened you know but I do think
when Daniel day-lewis is like I'm
calling me mr. link or nobody talked to
me it might just be this way being like
just fucking stop asking me if I want
hummus like just let me fucking focus
you know I think for like really intense
roles which I've never done so I'm just
completely talking out of my ass I would
think they might have to maintain some
really crazy state of mind to get there
so it doesn't like fake because you know
how you know how like you see if you
ever see the movie punchline with Sally
Field yeah yeah it's an interesting
movie but when Sally Fields is Kailen
I'm like get the fuck over there like
that's no one's laughs at that it's not
real when actors do stand-up I think
real stand-ups are like okay what you
know whose nails it though that lady who
plays the marvelous mrs. well she's
amazing yeah I love her shit it does
well it's also in the 50s yeah you know
I think right but even the guy who plays
Lenny Bruce is great in that I agree I
mean that show rather and there was a
you know but like the one on Showtime
cast real comics remember Eric Griffin
was on it and al Madrigal was on it that
one on Showtime oh yeah dying up here
yeah you know just a cast real comics
yeah but the writing one that was like a
little shoddy dicey but uh but I I'm
sure it's different for everyone but I
do think though sometimes you know
you've been on sets like if you have to
do a scene with somebody where you're
screaming you hate each other if you're
hanging out all day on Instagram and
then it's just like you it's hard to
unfaith like chemistry or knowing
someone so yeah I just
interesting like you know Stanley
Kubrick probably would be canceled today
probably yeah well especially by people
who don't understand what's required in
order to achieve what he's trying to get
yeah Kubrick was a madman though I mean
he used to do complex mathematics in his
spare time yeah like it's a hobby right
yeah like but he would come play his
calculus and stuff like that he would do
shit where he would you know I think on
Eyes Wide Shut he did like do 80 takes
of Tom Cruise walking through the door
and then I'll show up like he didn't
want actors acting like he wanted them
he wanted them in the actual state of
mind instead of acting like they were in
that actual State of Mind like he wanted
that so he really wanted Tom Cruise to
be like exhausted and fucking pissed off
and annoyed so he's like go piss him off
and then let me know when he's in that
state I mean you would like terrorize
Shelley Duvall's and kind of famous and
it
she looks fucking terrified yeah you
know so she's working with Jack
Nicholson there's a great video of him
preparing from one of the scenes fuck
and he's jumping up and down and
throwing his arms in the angle like
freaking out you know I could see him
working himself up before the scene I
mean he it's like those scenes that he
did especially two acts through the
bathroom door you can't just go into
that cold you've got some of that it
worked up yeah it's wild like I'm so
obsessed with that movie cuz like the
little things he did to make you feel
uneasy in a subliminal way this guy yeah
there's nine people that want to like
ask him if he needs any hand sanitizer
back now fucking preppy asshole it's a
great goddamn movie you know that movie
Stephen King didn't like that movie well
yeah well that's why they say that the
car on the road that's crashed on the
road there's a red car in the beginning
of the movie that's crashed on the side
of the road and then Stephen King's
version there was a red car
so Cooper crashed that car and then it
was a yellow car so he actually put shit
in the movie too
troll season kind of amazing but he did
shit that was so fascinating like little
things to make you feel uneasy like
continuity errors like he'd cut to his
scene there be a like if there was a
chair behind you cut away cut back and
there be no chair shit you wouldn't
really notice in case you were like
dissecting it but there's also a lot of
weird references in that movie to the
Apollo moon landing that's right like he
was and the Native American genocide is
apparently a pretty big theme in it but
yeah and the way that he um I mean
there's a whole documentary about this
but that the carpet the when the kid is
riding the bicycle around the carpet
that he shot at both ways and intercut
them so with the continuities not
working and it just makes you feel oh
yeah
he's fucking there's a great documentary
about the guy who followed Kubrick
around he was like his assistant he was
an actor and he was acting and something
that Kubrick did and Kubrick wound up
hiring him as an assistant and he just
did all Kubrick's movies and hung out
with him all the time it's really she's
still alive yeah yeah come on well the
documentary is really good it's what
does he do you know what it's not the
room two three six one what is it
The Lost eight I think it's on Netflix I
believe right no the guy who hang hung
around with Stanley Kubrick that's about
him I think it's a film or is that it oh
maybe that's it a life in pictures 2001
no no no I don't think so
just Google the guy who wrote to film
work that's it right
so that is this guy just sort of
realized somewhere along the line like
um I'll never be able to make a fucking
movie like I've never be able to do what
he's doing so I'm just gonna start
working with them so he's his personal
assistant he started out as an actor and
he just worked with Kubrick through all
of his movies oh well yeah I mean
somehow another they just clicked
together so he wanted working for him so
it's like you probably don't know the
name Leone Vitaly scroll down please
stop you you don't know the name Leone
Vitaly but the upcoming documentary film
work or hopes to change that forever
yeah British actor yeah Stanley
to play the world Lord Bullingdon and
Barry London yeah it's interesting
because this guy sort of devoted his
life to like to work with Kubrick it's
interesting like and that was also back
in the day I think Kubrick would do like
a movie every like five years or
something Creek it's like that's back
then you made a movie when it was ready
now it was like movie every eight months
and noon
well you know the Apocalypse Now story
right no movie took forever oh right
yeah the movie took like seven fucking
years to make did altar-stone write that
no no that's uh Francis Ford Coppola
okay that's like I don't think Oliver
Stone wrote that maybe I'm wrong I think
he was involved in some way I don't
think so I'm kind of obsessed with
Oliver Stone yeah mm-hmm I wrote a my
Honors theses in college about fuckin
dorky the postmodern implications of the
movie JFK I was just obsessed with that
movie like after at the time it had the
most edits in any movie ever and the way
that they just didn't mix me I just
fucking loved the movie and I just want
to write about it and dissect it it's a
great movie but the problem is they sort
of he makes it seem like you know
exactly what happened right and the
reality is we don't know exactly what
happened we don't know who killed JFK it
was very likely that it wasn't Lee
Harvey Oswald though yeah and if it was
that if Lee Harvey Oswald did take a
shot he didn't take the only shots
there's other people shooting right it's
just so fun it was just so fucking blew
my mind the way that he makes movies
what's I mean I don't think we can even
grasp the idea that someone shot the
fucking President on TV I can't actually
wasn't on TV what would we do
I mean there's a did you ever what was
the story about the guy who shot himself
in the mouth oh yeah ate the song hey
man my shot oh yeah that's about you and
he was about to go to jail and he had a
press conference his house and then he
blew his head off
yeah I pulled out a 44 Magnum and stuck
it in his mouth what's that with
Pennsylvania yeah yeah yeah Pennsylvania
can you imagine
so that's on phases of death right I
didn't know that was watch that's so
many
time from the night oh yeah I could see
it in my head right now so it was on and
they just couldn't cut it cuz it was
live television well he gave a press
conference and just put a gun in his
mouth and blew the top of his head off
and they're like no don't don't don't
he's like and he did it like really
quick before anybody could get to him
and he just blew the top of his fucking
head I don't know how many views that
has on YouTube well it's crazy like how
quick the blood starts pouring out of
his nose that was one of the weird
things like oh that's what happens yeah
it was like so much year I'm gonna make
sense I guess for sure it's also just to
be able to be that composed about it
yeah he probably wasn't healthy no but
man I think he was gonna be innocent
I think so well sometimes people getting
dragged through the mud that's enough
yeah like that was white board day and
killed himself public shaming she was
mean besides depression he was terrified
that he was gonna get dragged through
the mud because he had paid off that boy
who his girlfriend it fucked and he
would had been so prominently defending
women yeah and you know and going after
Harvey Weinstein Weinstein in this whole
me to movement thing and that all the
sudden he was this great hypocrite
because his girl had you know she had
sexually molested a 17 year old kid
which is fine by the way
listen there's a lady who just got off
and there's all this fucking talk about
it they're people that people are so mad
Joey Diaz put it on his Twitter nothing
wrong with a good dick sucking she know
she believes some fourteen-year-old kid
and it's on Twitter was who took it off
look what Joey is what came down I think
Twitter took it down so i retweeted it
is it because of his babies a bit what
why would they take it
Twitter's weeping I just decided that is
against the Terms of Service or
something they're getting really weird
with stuff I mean that's just a joke
well people are getting does that mean
people snitched because there's not an
algorithm or like a spider program
looking for that um people must have
complained that I don't know I'm looking
for it right now I don't see it on my
Twitter so fuck that means it was taken
down if it was deleted it
but he can still retweet something Fitz
delete it all right that goes away then
no it's right here dude it's right here
I was just well you didn't go back
didn't find it this morning
Bronx teacher who performed oral sex on
14 year old gets ten years probation
avoids jail teaching certificate
something performed it didn't take that
long to get the job done performance
there was a camera it was it was a
30-second yes
sloppy mess mmm there was a lot going on
there but meanwhile nobody cares yeah
everybody's okay apparently a lot of
people commit suicide after being on
reality shows but you don't really sort
of hear about it just because you get so
famous and then nobody gives a shit
about you and you don't money yeah and
you know money yeah that's pretty well
to have that kind of Fame and out of
nowhere and did not really know why you
have it then have it taken away from you
and they do not have any money I mean
think about yeah the kind of
psychological tests apparently have to
take to be on a reality show a pretty
hardcore mmm not in the fear factor days
oh really
I bet they were just talk to people how
you doing there like wherever they were
background checks and shit though right
all a few we clearly had some insane
people on that show why are they getting
paid fifty thousand dollars if they won
sometimes it was more like it was a big
episode like they would win a million we
had one guy won a million dollars
started speaking in tongues I might have
died he was like super religious and he
was gonna give all the money to like he
was gonna tithe 10% of his money I was
like $100,000 and he was uh that was one
of the rare ones where they went a
million but most of the most 50,000 did
you get to have say and the stuff that
they did
no no say and I most of the time didn't
know I didn't know until I got there
that's fucking crazy yeah part of it was
me I didn't want to know because part of
it was because part of is because I
thought it would be better if it was a
surprise to me so the day of I could be
kind of more enthusiastic about it
because it was so
crazy man because some of the stunts
were so fucking crazy but there was a
few times where I told him to stop I
told him don't do this one of the
contestants and producers everybody I
said let's not do this one don't do it
and they were like you're crazy but why
we had people ride bulls and that was
the first one I was like you guys are
out of your fucking mind like this is so
dangerous Roman games at this point well
you're they had a 98 year old a 90 pound
98 pound girl she was 98 pounds she was
so tiny and they made a ride the ball
and she went flying through the air just
got so lucky that the bull didn't kick
her in the face and I'm telling you it
kicked up and her head was here and the
foot went like this just right by her is
that even legal likes legal you sign off
on the waiver people ride bulls take a
chance I mean that's exactly what
happened and I was telling people don't
do this and I told the producers a I
said don't do this look I've had a
healthy fear of animals my whole life I
was attacked by a goat when I was like
seven years old so Hitler really yeah
Hitler lost a testicle to a goat goat in
my is that he's not a myth it sounds is
like a myth as I said it I remember him
I think a goat bit what is nothing
I was I was budded by a goat and my
stepfather had to come and save me I'd
like a like a petting zoo now was that a
farm co-op when we lived in San
Francisco there was uh my stepdad went
back to school and he was a who's
originally a computer programmer and
then he was going back to school to be
an architect and one of the things that
he did it was part of his university was
they had some sort of some sort of a
farming co-op thing we had to take care
of like certain like farming chores and
there was animals like like goats mm-hmm
and I was a little kid and then got left
in this fucking room with this goat this
pan was gone I'm sorry I'm laughs at the
beginning and then the goat fucking just
came at me and slammed his chest yeah oh
yeah they're no joke and I remember I'm
grabbing the horns but I didn't have any
strength I was a little kid you know I
was maybe eight at the time and he had
to come and save me and I was like Jesus
Christ and I remember thinking from that
time I like oh you gotta get this idea
of what an animal is out here
like they did he didn't that thing
didn't give a fuck if I died this isn't
he just stomped me to death it would
have been fine this is it was i right
about that or is that that could be a
total googled hit was not Hitler goat
now government so do you know there are
two things about doesn't have anything
to do with it I guess
he had undescended testicle apparently
and then he also had something called
hypo spade yes hmm something to do with
the urethra hole being on the underside
of the penis and not where it should be
or had a fucked up penis course he did
that's why I'm so angry what did he not
have any goat accident I typed in goat
this it's a rapport it's like I need to
figure out where that fucking but
there's so many it this is it was a bit
by going his younger days but it okay I
think every kid was bit by goat at some
point right back then well it's also
it's like why it's like people he's
coming it's like all this us taking
selfies with Tigers and shit like what
are you doing right what are you doing
they're fucking what like urines this is
insane there's this new selfie culture
we're all they're like taking selfies
with the Bears and shit it's like hey
use your head that's all I everybody
wants to do is take pictures or things
now for their Facebook it's like it's
like the new fuckin Rome I think we're
going to look back and the same way we
look at Caligula in your own we're like
oh they used to just have lions fight
elephants for entertainment now we're
gonna look back and go member when we
used to like take selfies with bears
slide elephant it was a blank and you
have a picture of things yeah I think
that's ultimately one of the ways are
gonna get us this this Elon Musk thing
is kind of interesting because they're
trying to put these little fibers in
your brain and it'll have some sort of
Bluetooth link that increases your
bandwidth with the internet but I think
the way they're gonna get us is a hard
drive that replaces your memory because
your memory so shitty yeah you know I
mean I have a pretty decent memory in
terms of like being able to recall
information and facts and stuff like
that but if I had to draw a picture of a
house that I lived in
you just ten years ago I'd be like oh I
can't I don't know what I saw but what
about the things you want to forget like
our brain is pretty good at denial for
self-preservation purposes right so what
were you how will your brain how will
your brain hand because denial is a
survival mechanism there are things we
have to block out in order to continue
functioning or else we'd go crazy right
so like people when they're molested
when they're young that's one of the
things that they have hypnotic
regression hmm and then they remember it
yeah exactly or emdr whatever the thing
is that brings it to the surface but I
think denial serves a really important
part in a lot of people psyche for sure
or else you're gonna it allows you to
move on yeah totally you know so it's
that is what scares me it's gonna be
hard for I think trauma survivors
certainly people in the military there's
probably some shoot you want to forget
right you'll be able to access it over
and over again like the Budd Dwyer V
yeah I don't want to play that shit on a
loop my brain brilliantly made that
erase that yeah so I didn't have to
think about it you know yeah that's the
one thing about that that's alarming to
me but our memories are so flawed and
and there's this amazing neurologist in
New York called Maureen Cerf and he's
got a bunch of shit on TED talks and
stuff and he went to this lecture he did
in New York about how our memories
essentially were like comics like we
punch up the parts of stories that get
the bigger responses and oh yeah I mean
I've talked to so many friends about
things that happened when we were
younger and their version of it is so
different than mine
yeah um I did we really do that I don't
remember doing that I've had friends
tell me about fights where I did
something to somebody and I beat
somebody's ass and like I know that
didn't happen like you might think that
didn't happen I didn't beat anybody else
didn't I tell you about there was a time
that I was in Portland with somebody and
they were like Joe Rogan him and I got
in a car accident in high school I
remember I texted you about it you're
like that never happened who was it I
don't remember we got a car so so loser
guy was like oh yeah I know Joe Rogan we
got in a car accident in high school not
definitely got into Crocs in high school
ones but we texted about it you were
like that didn't happen oh the other
crazy walk he said I thought one of you
had repressed it or it was just well I
definitely had one car accident
hydroplaned right outside school I was
leaving school had a 1968 4-4-2 it's an
Oldsmobile like a hotrod and those car
like old cars when you hit water they
would just hydroplane and I said fucking
slammed into a tree or a telephone pole
Jesus smash the car fucked it up but
everybody does it spin yeah your car you
just the wheel just goes away.we and you
just the car just slides it's super
common with old car especially if you
don't have good tires but I had a friend
that came up to me or he he told another
friend of mine about a fight that we had
gotten into where I kicked somebody or
something like that I was like that
never happened I would never happened
but he probably kept telling the story
and telling the story inflating it and
getting laughs on it or whatever you
know I got super into terror management
theory recently what's that um it's
basically like the guy that Becker
Ernest Becker this is my dad died a
couple years ago and I hadn't really had
a lot of death and I started kind of
just I started getting into and you
called it - one time one day you were
like you're doing too much shit you're
doing too much stuff stop doing so much
stuff and I didn't realize like when you
have death and you're basically terror
management theory is this is something
you know of course but that because we
have a prefrontal cortex and we're
basically the only animal that can
ponder the future in the past like we
know we're gonna die and we can't
tolerate that anxiety it's too stressful
for us so we basically have to keep
ourselves busy and do meaningless shit
to feel important you have to win awards
we have to have titles we have to get
things in order to have a sense of
immortality right it's basically just
managing the anxiety of knowing that
we're rotting every day he's just dying
and could die at any moment it's just
like a false sense of control and
longevity
there's a great book called the worm in
the hole Solomon something Solomon I
read this book and it totally blew my
mind because I realized so many of my
behaviors were just about this fear of
death because it had been sort of right
in front of me so quickly and his death
was so freaked that it just it I had a
really hard time coping with the anxiety
of death coming so suddenly and so
shockingly in like
it fucked me up pretty bad but I started
just making myself busy with super
irrelevant shit in order to try to cope
with that anxiety and so I got super
into terror management theory terror
management theory terror like the trying
to manage the terror the daily terror
then we know we're gonna die at the book
yeah but it's a pretty horse that's what
it's a less corny cover the one that I
have mmm but just a name title TMT
terror management theory terror
management theory is a little bit
controversial I think because it also
justifies some like supremacy thinking a
lot of I'm better than you and like
cultural superiority stuff I'd have to
there's a guy named Solomon that did it
talk about it just because you need so
badly to feel important that you start
to sort of have the delusion that you're
better than other people just because
you feel so insignificant because you
know you're gonna die you know we know
we're a speck of dust we know this is
all ephemeral and fleeting and that we
don't matter so we have to do things to
feel like we matter oh that makes sense
as we don't so you sort of exercise your
superiority over people in order to
shield yourself from the futility of
your existence yes and to feel immortal
and you know I mean to procreate the
idea of because we know our mortality is
so present in our amygdala all day every
day that I'm better than you therefore
I'm gonna procreate more and we are
going to sustain and propagate mmm so
that we have a sense of lasting yes
that's why we want to make a name for
ourselves that's why we want to get
famous have the tangible things stuff
like that it drives it's an anxiety that
manifests in materialism workaholism
needing titles sort of shit like that
Wow that makes sense so nasty evil
people that subjugate all their
employees and yell at everybody and like
that's what they're doing no they're
gonna die yeah they know but they don't
even it's so deep in the subconscious
they have no awareness of why they're
behaving the way they behave it's well
they've done these studies were cuz I
got super into it cuz I didn't recognize
my behavior I felt like kind of the
zombie I was like trying to like set up
all these TV shows and I was like
writing all these movies
just like and I was like this is so
weird because my dad just died I should
know exactly what matters in life which
is none of this shit achievements or
money or any of that but I was super
into like I gotta buy this house and I
need to get you know this and this thing
and this watch and I was like this is so
not who I am but it was me trying to
cope sort of with all of this anxiety
about death but they totally studies
where they put showed subjective video
and subliminal messaging put one frame
of just the word death imperceptible to
the actual eye and afterwards they
showed people pictures of woods or
cities and said where would you rather
be and you would normally go beautiful
woods nature and they always pick cities
because you just subconsciously felt
more scared and wanted to be in a place
that was safer shit like that
cities are safer than the woods I mean
just the idea of some protection and
right you know lots of civilization yeah
the woods are scary because we're on
some level know that we're only
superficially at the top of the food
chain
you know if we're out in the woods with
a bear and there's no guns or cages it's
we're gonna lose it's like the idea that
we just know how vulnerable we are
that's interesting because I would feel
like there's some anxiety attached to
the overpopulation aspect of cities sure
there's got to be some of that and the
cars and the noise noise we're not
designed for that right the
fight-or-flight we're always in
fight-or-flight mode basically do you
ever get a chance to go to places where
there's no cell phone service and you're
in like the legitimate forest are he's
trying to get me to do the month no cell
phone our he's a weirdo don't listen to
that guy he's crazy that feels a little
extreme but I want them he's got the
phone on flip phone thing going on but
he's a real junkie he had a problem with
food he was eating candy like all day
every day and I was going bro what are
you doing recently no a few years ago
yeah years back but he was just like he
had a real problem with candy mm-hmm
just like re develops these things and
he would get real obsessed with social
media you know he was it's addictive
it's fuckin addictive yeah I get I have
an addictive personality I fucking get
it yeah but I'm trying I'm trying I'm
trying to I did that I turned the colors
off on the phone no I don't have it now
because I was fucking posting cuz my
thing came out today but they say Allah
the reason it's so addictive is all the
colors so you can put it in grayscale so
it's black and white there's a phone
that they just released as an Android
phone that's all in grayscale it's like
in that white paper shit that you get
like from a Kindle that's what I need
it's so unlike it's so fucking
unappealing you just like I fucked us
morose so I'm trying to do that shit -
because it's it's - I think that we're
gonna look back at this the way we like
look at cigarettes and if I think so too
no we're gonna be like people used to
use those I broke my phone in Hawaii
last year and it was like three days to
get a new one I had an order one and get
it sent to me from the mainland and you
know I was on vacation so and I was
bowhunting so just tracking animals all
day with no phone which ones in Hawaii
lanai okay I'd be in what animals axis
deer okay it's um a deer that's native
to India and they're overpopulated on
Lanai there's thousands of them there's
20,000 deer and 3,000 people you never
seen anything like it it's fucking crazy
and they have to hunt them it's like one
of the places on the planet where
there's a real ethical imperative to
hunt these animals because there's no
predators so the only way they control
their populations through hunting that's
the only way and if there's
overpopulation they graze and there's no
food problem I mean there's plenty of
food it's a tropical island but the
problem is you run into this real
possibility of disease and you know it's
just not good but the the point being I
was there for a solid three days with no
phone and it was this weird feeling of
peace because I get calmed me down in
this weird way it's like the desire to
check one check my email real quick let
me look at my photos which one will I
post something on Instagram I'm gonna
check my Twitter yeah see if somebody
sent me a direct message let me see if
anybody sent me any pictures that I want
to look at Joey sent me any of his shit
I think something that is so it's like
such an obvious solution but I realized
so much of going to the phone is to
check time we have to it's like the new
pocket watch right and then once you go
to look at the time then you see your
text message and you know you wear a
watch I don't and I need to it was just
where what yeah I need just I'm gonna
start to wear watch and then also
getting a separate camera
so much of what we do is to take
pictures I gotta take pictures of this
and then I'm on my phone you think use
this with a flip phone the flip phone
tick tock tick tock tick you don't know
about tick-tock
I know about for my kids they do the
tick I don't know what it is it's like
live-streaming dancing from what I
understand I know it only from
Cristina's page cuz she puts on smooth
yeah it started as a music app called
musically I changed the name to take not
only people dancing it's a lot of kids
kids are all over it but you don't want
to talk or be funny now become what vine
was but it's still based around music
wasn't vine only like five seconds and
this is a little bit longer but there's
a lot of songs over the last year that
have gotten popular off there including
like Old Town Road which is the number
one song oh yeah I got popular off of
there off of that's how I got Bob you
know wow well if God could popular with
my kids for sure my kids knew about that
song way before me they were singing him
you never see that there's a video of
little NAS X whatever his name is at a
school and he's on stage and these kids
are singing along it is fucking adorable
Oh sing along to the song it's really
true that song he's doing one with Dolly
Parton I think and what was this the
controversy they wouldn't let the song
be on the country charts that was the
big controversy races that's fuckin
racist that's all it is that is a
goddamn country song and not Garth
Brooks that other guys Cyrus is
honorably ray yeah yeah well they once
they put him on then it they allowed it
on the country charts he wasn't in the
original version so they had to put him
on it am I wrong about that you are
correct well you know but hoody and
hoody was this hunt country singer yes
but he started out as a regular singer
and then came over at the country
yeah his career kind of fell apart as a
punk movie and the Blowfish went away
Darius Rucker yes thank you he's really
good fuck he's got a beautiful voice of
all the things I remember and he may be
just that's his shit he's into it but
his career was floundering in the other
world and then he went into the world of
a and flannel and they took off I
fucking dried home to a lot of his music
Hollow
I don't know why that hootie and the
blowfish was a legit jam I wonder why
they didn't last right they're on tour
again right now Wow mmm who doesn't say
but Aaron Lewis abstained also singer oh
he's a huge he's gay he wears Magga hats
and he's got don't tread on me tattooed
on his neck that was like during the
time of him nice guy we're like all the
bands were like like there was like a
moment where that's what all the music
sound like yeah and maybe that just
wasn't like Train Toad the Wet Sprocket
yeah the fucking maybe just got sick of
it the band Pearl Jam they're all Pearl
Jam groans best that's what it is but
yeah man such a good song yeah it's so
crazy when I think about that Jeremy
spoken song I had no white like it was
so weird when it came out I had no
concept of what it even fucking meant no
I was listening it was on mix the other
day and I was like was it about suicide
didn't wasn't about a kid that that blew
his head off in Jeremy spoke in class
today I think he blew his brains out in
class remember that video is fucking
sinner star it's about suicide Jesus
guys didn't make out to a suicide song I
had no idea what he was even about yeah
there's a lot of really McCobb shit
going on back down with music remember
that was that silver chair remember
that's silver cheering videos wanna rape
me how about that literally forgot about
it until just this moment rape me my
friend used to dance to it she's a drink
to it smoke weed to it we used to sing
along if it was on tick-tock now we'd be
singing along to it
what crazy fucking wild who would be the
Kurt Cobain of to like what that was
such a big deal
like who would it can't have that with
the internet there's someone would meet
to him they'd find out shit about them
there'd be a dick pic yeah people get
are sure I mean he had poor judgment he
dated Courtney Love II married her
right but like when he killed me
definitely taking pictures of his dick
who's that big right now who's that big
of a star there's so many stars now yeah
I think that's we've diluted the pool
and there's so many stars we've never
heard of it used to be like there was a
star we all knew about we're old that's
part of it there's people that someone
I'm like oh who's that person they for
70 million followers never heard of what
yeah what yeah we're out of the loop um
I'm way more out of the loop than you
he's more in the loop than both of us do
you think that changes in a couple of
weeks when they take the follower
accounts off of like yeah there's only
in Australia it's hot they're testing it
in other countries before they drop it
here funny is that it's like fucking
like they tried drugs out other
countries trying out the follower count
thing what that's gonna be weird I
wonder would help people go why are they
doing that because they feel like
they're doing a disservice to people by
having them compete yeah you won't be
seeing other people's stuff so it might
sell a lot of people make money no not
me I don't ever do ads on Instagram but
a lot of people do I don't either I bet
you get offered ooh ton of shit a lot
but I say no because you just think it's
corny yeah I'll do ads for things I like
where I put it up for free yeah but I've
never second you believe in yeah like if
like someone circles fucking earth like
maybe it is an ad but it's not an ad I'm
getting paid for like if I find
something that's cool you just do it
just put it up like this is a badass
thank you so much I think it helps and
I've been offered a lot of money
multiple times to do ads for things on
Instagram I'm like look I do ads on my
podcast everybody knows it's an ad yeah
if I'm doing I'm not doing that on
Instagram I'm just that doesn't seem
like it makes sense like if someone goes
to your Instagram they want to see cool
shit that you're interested in yeah they
want to see a picture of something wanna
see a picture of my dog or food or
fucking sunset or a mountain or whatever
the fuck it is they don't want to see
sneakers that you're selling unless it's
like but if it's a friend of mine
sneakers if he's sound I'll take a
picture that and put it up I don't want
any money I think it feels corny you
know I think for you especially I think
people trust you so much and you're
known for telling the truth and
selling out if you had a hashtag ad
everyone was like it just feels paid
it's like your thing it would just be
like make a good product yeah I do it
for free all the time yeah I'd really do
and people I don't even know if they
have something cool I'll put it up there
have you ever felt like no she's not
worth it cuz you probably lose in the
long run yeah it's like if I was poor
yeah I would do it yeah if I was poor
I'd do it I did fear factor fuck I'm
doing a lot of horse shit it's not I'm
not above whoring myself but I'm not
gonna whore myself if I have money yeah
that doesn't make any sense
but that is weird cuz I wonder how
people are gonna a lot of people make
money from yeah I did not it's not
related directly to this but they
deleted a bunch of accounts apparently
yesterday Consett had up to 13 million
followers really meme accounts and shit
why the whole account for there were a
couple of reasons they might have done
it like well there's a lot of meme
accounts that steal jokes crazy make
money off of it there was a girl you saw
that girl on is a Meg right who was
calling out that a fuck cherry guy who
was just doing comics jokes it was out
his name was me I don't know Meg right
oh she was a comedy person yeah who big
comedy writer yeah and who was just like
connecting the comics joke to the meme
and so many that well at least they
slowed down like the progress of that
fat Jewish guy that slowed down he
doesn't have nearly the sort of
trajectory he used to have but that was
all what he was about this is like
taking people shit mm-hmm and
repurposing and making a lot of money
and then also got getting on television
shows being interviewed and not having a
fucking talent at all just agree posting
things and I people DM me all the time
hey good night now that Beveren scared
that can I use your tweet and my
Instagram for you get now I have to do
work to say yes so you can approach you
know it's just like be a lot of people
are like curators I think they call it
is that why they deleted them quickly
that article if there's like they could
have been taking advertising money and
not saying it I'm just reading and
instagrams advertising deals reposting
people shit all they dead end of article
is said that there is no way they can
get those accounts back there's
like non-negotiable oh shit well fuck
off but so will it basically go
everyone's gonna have no followers you
won't be able to see that you'll be able
to see your account like you'll know
every day I'm gonna post an Instagram
photo of my account that people
recognize bitches people are fuckin
falling off cliffs taking selfies have
you seen it it's like the fucking Darwin
or you'll see the likes you just won't
be able to see your father
none of it you'll be able to see how
many likes you have on your photos what
I'll do is I'll post something in the
morning and then three times throughout
the day I'll post it to see which how
many likes I got so everybody that's for
sure gonna happen it's gonna be so mad
at you you're fuckin Posse later showing
or like some mad yeah oh that's the move
posted on my Twitter account posted on
my facebook cuz has a dumpster
Facebook's a dumpster I don't even yeah
I mean it doesn't yours just connect to
it like it doesn't automatically post
but it's interesting because it clearly
reflects my lack of interaction because
like I only have two million Facebook
followers whereas like everything else
is wait well that's the whole engagement
thing now so there was this I social
medias it's - its full-time job so I was
talking too much people to run my social
media now look what you have to engage
people - all to get an algorithm now you
have to ask you have to ask a question
so the people like you notice that
celebrities for a while kept going like
so what are you doing this weekend
like I just thought they were dumb what
do you like to cook on you know taco
night like it was all these like
insincere questions because they wanted
people to answer so they could get into
that oh that makes yeah sure I've read
one that said what's your least favorite
chore like what in the fuck are you
what are you it's the amount of robot if
you get um if you if by the way the shot
of this is so funny because she just
looks like a dead body he's done with
her she checked out she was with us for
a while now our neck oh look she's off
oh cuz I didn't have her on chat because
she kept
stealing my thunder and distracting on
your back bitch there she's back pick up
hooker this over here okay that bitch I
gotta end this I got to be now me store
in two hours yeah fuck I gotta go home
and hug my kids all right Whitney
Cummings your new Netflix special
available right fucking now don't worry
about following me cuz universe don't
matter anymore do not matter don't like
any of your photos right now doesn't
mean anything all right
bye everybody this robot
[Music]